Insurance company pays elderly man's $21,000 settlement with coins

A California insurance company, apparently none too happy about losing a
court battle, paid an elderly man's settlement with loose change.

In 2012 Andres Carrasco, a 76-year-old Los Angeles man, filed suit against Adriana‚Äôs Insurance after an employee with the company allegedly assaulted Carrasco. The suit was
finally settled in June of this year when the company agreed to pay
Carrasco $21,000. Instead of sending Carrasco a check however, eight
employees with the company arrived at Carrasco's attorney's office
carrying more than 16 five-gallon buckets full of pennies, dimes,
nickels and quarters.
Antonio Gallo, attorney for Carrasco, stated Carrasco recently had
hernia surgery and would be unable to lift even one of the buckets, much
less carry all of them. Gallo went on to tell CBS Los Angeles:

"‚ÄúThere‚Äôs over 16 buckets of quarters, nickels, dimes and pennies. It‚Äôs
going to take us at least, conservatively, one week to count that whole
amount of money.‚Äù"

Adriana‚Äôs Insurance pays 76-year-old man $21,000 settlement with buckets
of pennies, dimes, nickels and quarters.

When speaking to NBC Los Angeles,
Carrasco asked why Adriana's Insurance why Adriana‚Äôs Insurance "didn't
like their customers." He went on to say:

""I am disappointed by the way Adriana's treats their customers and the
elderly. We might be poor, but we are people too.""
The story has gone viral on Twitter, with many
calling for a boycott of the company. The company's Yelp page has also
been flooded with criticism, with one person saying:
""Are you looking to be abused, humiliated, and demeaned by an insurance
company? Then look no further than Adriana's Insurance! ""
Adriana‚Äôs Insurance did not respond to an email request for comment.
  unique_identifier
Insurance company pays elderly man's settlement in buckets of coins

Wow... There's childish behaviour and then there's this.

A Californian insurance company has paid a 73-year-old man a settlement
owed to him in buckets of change.

Andres Carrasco filed a lawsuit against Adriana's Insurance company back
in 2012, claiming he had been physically assaulted by one of their
employees.

The company agreed to a settlement with Andres in June and they decided
to pay him in the form of a cheque - along with buckets and buckets of
coins. The nickels, dimes, quarters and pennies add up to more than
‚Ç¨15,700 ($21,000).

Mr Carrasco's lawyer told KNBC
that Andres has just had a hernia operation and there was no way he
would be able to lift one of five-gallon buckets, let alone the dozens
left by eight employees of the company.

"I am disappointed by the way Adriana's treats their customers and the
elderly,‚Äù Carrasco said in a statement.

"We might be poor, but we are people too."

The company had no comment to make when asked but their Yelp page has been
inundated with negative reviews since the story broke.
  unique_identifier
Insurance Company Pays Elderly Man's Settlement in Coins

Funny: A Packers fan wins 20 bucks from a Bears fan when Green Bay beats
Chicago again, and the Bears fan pays him in all pennies.

Not funny: An elderly man is assaulted by an insurance company employee
and they pay their entire $21,000 settlement to him in loose change,
with one bucket so heavy that he can't lift it.
insurance company pays man in all coins
But according to CBS Los Angeles,
that is exactly what happened to a 76-year-old man in East Los Angeles
recently when he finally received his settlement money from Adriana's
Insurance Service as a result of an alleged assault on the old man by
one of their employees two years ago.

It took eight Adriana's Insurance employees to drop off more than 16
buckets of loose quarters, dimes, nickels and pennies at Andres
Carrasco's attorney's office, and Carrasco's attorney said it will
probably take more than a week to count it to make sure it's all there.

We're unsure what Adriana's Insurance has up their sleeves for an
encore. Perhaps something like paying an old woman one of their
employees pushed out of her wheelchair a few years ago in Nepalese
coins? That would be sufficient.

  unique_identifier
Insurance company pays in coins

Adriana‚Äôs Insurance Services in California have angered a man by paying
him his ‚Ç¨15,100 settlement in coinage. The company delivered buckets
full of dimes, quarters and nickels to Andres Carrasco‚Äôs lawyer Mr Gallo
at his office.

The dispute had been over an alleged assault claim from Mr Carrasco
against the insurance company following a prior argument over his car
insurance. The company paid out but clearly were not very happy about it.

There are around 17 buckets and his lawyers added; ‚ÄúThey probably (each)
weigh anywhere between 70 to 100 pounds. I'm assuming, because I can't
lift them. It's insulting to my client. He's 76-years-old; he just had a
hernia operation,‚Äù he added. ‚ÄúHe feels that he wasn't treated as a human
being.‚Äù

Following what happened Mr Carrasco has asked the company to take back
the coins and instead write him a cheque for the amount. 
  unique_identifier
Insurance Company Pays Man $21,000 With Buckets Of Loose Change

Money is money ‚Äî but it‚Äôs a whole lot easier to receive a bunch of it
with a check or even cash, than entirely in loose change. That‚Äôs how one
California man said an insurance company paid him $21,000 in a legal
settlement, dropping off more than 16 five-gallon buckets filled with coins.

The 73-year-old man filed a lawsuit in 2012 against an employee of the
insurance company, claiming he‚Äôd been physically assaulted, reports NBC
Los Angeles.

After the two parties reached a settlement, the insurance company paid
up: The man‚Äôs attorney says eight employees of the insurance company
showed up to his office in a van bearing five-gallon containers full of
coins, and left them in the waiting room.

‚ÄúThere‚Äôs over 16 buckets of quarters, nickels, dimes and pennies. It‚Äôs
going to take us at least, conservatively, one week to count that whole
amount of money,‚Äù the attorney told CBS Los Angeles,
with his client ‚Äî who recently had a hernia operation and can‚Äôt lift
much ‚Äî adding, ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs too heavy.‚Äù

‚ÄúI am disappointed by the way [the insurance company] treats their
customers and the elderly,‚Äù he said in a statement. ‚ÄúWe might be poor,
but we are people too.‚Äù
  unique_identifier
Insurance Company Pays Man's Settlement With $21,000 in Coins

Andres Carrasco reached a settlement with Adriana's Insurance Service,
Inc. this past June following a lawsuit he filed in 2012 in which he
alleged an employee of the company physically assaulted him. The company
paid his settlement with a check but also, his attorney claims, in
buckets of change that amount to more than $21,000.

Carrasco's attorney told NBC Los Angeles
that eight Adriana's Insurance employees pulled up in a van to his
office and unloaded multiple five-gallon buckets full of quarters,
dimes, nickels, and pennies. Carrasco, 73, had just undergone surgery
for a hernia, and was still too weak to lift any of the buckets of change.

"Adriana's Insurance, is this the way you treat everyone?" Carrasco said
in a statement. "Why don't you like your clients?"

As the /Atlanta Journal-Constitution/ points out,
Adriana's Insurance's Yelp page has been
attacked with negative reviews. From one review:

    I wish I could've given them NO stars from the way they treated my
    uncle Andres C. How dare you call yourself a place of business.
    These people are nothing but money hungry idiots. They care only for
    money and not any of their customers. My advice, go with someone
    else. These crooks will get their karma in due time.

"I am disappointed by the way Adriana's treats their customers and the
elderly," Carrasco said in his statement. "We might be poor, but we are
people too."

  unique_identifier
Insurance company pays settlement in buckets of loose change

    Stories of abuse continue as public expresses disdain for insulting
    move by Adriana‚Äôs Insurance Service to elderly injured man ‚Äì a
    lesson in how to stop insurance abuse in the future

Andres Carrasco with loose change settlement from Adrianas Insurance

I just started writing about a client of Michigan Auto Law attorney Tom
James, who went to an IME and was ordered a urine test to see if she was
taking her medications as prescribed. The insurance company, Bristol
West, then refused to pay for the urine test that they sent her to
because it was unrelated to her car accident!

And then I heard about what Adriana Insurance Service just did to an
elderly injured man, by paying him in buckets of loose change (my own 2
cents on this one below).

But as an attorney who‚Äôs dealt with nearly every insurance company in
Michigan representing car accident victims, I thought I‚Äôve seen just
about all of the dirty tricks the insurance industry will pull to get
out of paying claims ‚Äî everything from the ‚ÄúDelay, Deny, Defend‚Äù
tactic to Farm Bureau and State Farm trying to require a man to have
insurance on his motorized wheelchair
as a way of denying his claim for medical benefits.

Well, I wonder if this latest story is a race to the bottom by the
insurance industry.  In states like Michigan, insurers do this because
they can.  Michigan is one of the few states without bad faith laws or
punitive damages that can protect people from insurance company abuse. 
But what happened in this latest incident with Adriana‚Äôs Insurance and
the loose change is different ‚Äì more of an obscene gesture than
insurance company bad faith. This is certainly an ugly new low.

Andres Carrasco filed a lawsuit in 2012 against Adriana‚Äôs Insurance
Service, Inc. alleging he was physically assaulted by one of the
company‚Äôs employees. After agreeing to a settlement with Mr. Carrasco,
73, in June, Adriana‚Äôs Insurance decided to deliver the funds in the
form of a check ‚Äî as well as $21,000 in quarters, dimes, nickels and
pennies, according to a recent story on NBC, ‚ÄúCompany Pays Settlement in
Buckets of Loose Change.‚Äù 

When the time to pony up for the settlement came, Carrasco‚Äôs attorney
said eight of Adriana‚Äôs Insurance employees arrived at Mr. Carasco‚Äôs
attorney‚Äôs office in a van with five-gallon buckets full of coins. They
dumped them in the waiting room and left.   That‚Äôs why I wrote above
this reminds me more of an obscene gesture by Adriana‚Äôs. You actually
have to work pretty hard to get five-gallon buckets of coins, and then a
van and eight employees to even do this to a person.

How utterly petty and disrespectful of Adriana‚Äôs Insurance to treat this
man in such a  way.

Like many insurance companies, Adriana‚Äôs Insurance had no problem taking
Mr. Carrasco‚Äôs money for his premium. But when it came time to pay the
claim that the insurance company agreed to, well, let‚Äôs just say, it
acted less than honorably.

Arm extended. Make fist. Extend middle finger to Mr. Carrasco.

What kind of professionalism and regard  does this  show?

People might say I‚Äôm jaded or cynical because I‚Äôm an insurance attorney
and I see acts like the urine test I wrote about or other insurance
company horror stories all the time. But it isn‚Äôt just me. Many of
Adriana‚Äôs own customers and others  have taken to Yelp to let their
displeasure be known.

    Why do these insurance company horror stories keep happening?

They keep happening because these insurance companies are making record
profits.  Just look at what Allstate (of Delay, Deny, and Defend) fame
made last year, or State Farm, or so many others. They happen because
insurance companies get away with it, and they are not being punished by
consumers because the hundreds of millions of dollars in advertising
they spend create a false reality that these insurance companies care.

They are ‚Äúlike a good neighbor‚Äù or [insert favorite insurance company
tagline here].

But perhaps the public eruption of anger that has taken place on Yelp
and other social media sites after what happened to Mr. Carrasco can
serve as a lesson. I write about these stories, and I publish a list
every year or so of my worst insurance companies
based upon the personal experiences I have as an attorney here and what
I see. But perhaps attorneys like myself and aggrieved accident victims
should be reaching out to the media as well, and sending these real-life
examples of insurance company abuse to news reporters.

And perhaps, just perhaps, if the outcry on social media is loud enough,
and if the reviews on sites like Yelp become big enough, maybe this will
force these companies to do what they should be doing anyways in
exchange for taking our premium dollars.
Treat people the right way. Do the right thing.

  unique_identifier
Insurance Company Settles Claim In $21K Of Loose Coins

An insurance company has paid off a $21,000
settlement to an elderly east LA man in buckets of loose coins.

Andres Carrasco, 76, filed a lawsuit against Adriana‚Äôs Insurance two
years ago after he was allegedly assaulted by one of its employees.

The company finally agreed to settle the case recently and paid Carrasco
in buckets of spare change.

‚ÄúThere‚Äôs over 16 buckets of quarters, nickels, dimes and pennies. It‚Äôs
going to take us at least, conservatively, one week to count that whole
amount of money,‚Äù attorney Antonio Gallo said.

‚ÄúIt‚Äôs too heavy,‚Äù Carrasco added.

Adriana‚Äôs Insurance did not return calls for comment.

  unique_identifier
Insurance news made when a settlement was paid entirely in quarters

    A prominent businessman in Illinois disagreed with the payout from
    his son‚Äôs auto policy and retaliated in a unique way.

In retaliation for what an Illinois businessman felt was not a fair
outcome in an auto payout following the death of his son, he is making
insurance news by paying a portion of the final settlement using thousands upon
thousands of pounds of quarters.

      This, according to one of the attorneys who was involved in the
      auto payout case.

The attorney, Douglas Dorris, provided confirmation that when Roger
Herrin came to the law firm to pay for a portion of the settlement, he
was armed with 75 bags, each of which contained 4,000 quarters. Each bag
weighed 48 pounds and totaled $75,000 and 3,600 pounds total. In order
to haul the load away, the firm was required to hire a Brinks truck,
upon which point the coins all needed to be counted.


        Insurance News payment in quarters Herrin made this insurance
        news making move in protest of the settlement that required him
        to pay.

Herrin is a retired podiatrist who is 76 years old. His company owns
three nursing homes in Illinois and he remains a member of the Southern
Illinois University <http://siu.edu/> board of trustees. He has also
previously served on other state government boards. Among them was the
Illinois Finance Authority.

This insurance news followed a case in which Herrin‚Äôs adolescent son,
Michael, was killed in a car accident in June 2001. Michael had been a
passenger in a Jeep Cherokee, when a truck ran a stop sign and struck
the vehicle in which he was riding, according to the court‚Äôs records.
Michael was killed when he was thrown from the vehicle. Two other teens
in the Jeep ‚Äì Ross Duncan and Jared Head ‚Äì were also injured, as was
Duncan‚Äôs mother, who was the driver at the time.

Court records also showed that there were a number of different types of
coverage in Michael Herrin‚Äôs estate, totaling about $5.5 million. The
insurance news a settlement offer of $1.65 million was accepted by Roger
Herrin on behalf of the estate. Another $800,000 in coverage came from
the Jeep owner‚Äôs policy, and the truck‚Äôs policy added another $100,000
in coverage, of which Herrin was awarded $677,851 by a judge.

However, the insurance news escalated when an appellate court determined
that Herrin‚Äôs estate was not entitled to money from the Jeep owners‚Äô
coverage under Illinois law because it had already received a much
larger payout. A settlement was then reached in which Herrin was
required to pay back money to the other victims in the accident.
  unique_identifier
Insurer pays off lawsuit with thousands in coins

        Los Angeles-area man had accused the company of assault in 2012

    A California insurance company paid off a lawsuit by delivering
    $21,000 in buckets of coins to a Los Angeles attorney's office.

    Eight representatives with Adriana's Insurance left 16 to 18 orange
    paint buckets filled with quarters, nickels, dimes and pennies in
    Antonio Gallo's office as part of a settlement that had to be paid
    by July 25, the Los Angeles Times reported.

    Gallo's client, Andres Carrasco, had accused an Adriana's employee
    of assaulting him when he tried to buy insurance. The lawsuit was
    filed in 2012.

    Gallo thought the coin payment was a joke, but was told the company
    would not be issuing a check when he called them.

    He said Carrasco, a 72-year-old retired bus driver, "feels like he
    is disrepected."

    The coins are now being counted at a local bank.
  unique_identifier
Irate woman pays taxes with 30 kilos in coins

A young Frenchwoman dumped thousands of centime coins
on her local tax office to pay off her bill and protest against a French
system that overtaxes its people. She also explained her actions by
saying, "I am French and I love to complain!"*

A Frenchwoman furious over what she considered an outrageous tax bill,
settled the last ‚Ç¨207 of her debt with 30 kilos in coins, even breaking
open her pink piggy bank at the tax office counter to come up with a few
last pennies.
 
"To pay my taxes on time, I had to sell my car," Audrey D., who didn't
give her full name, told Sud-Ouest newspaper.
 
Her impromptu protest began when she tried to pay her ‚Ç¨1,107 tax bill in
cash to authorities in the Alpine town of Sallanches, but was told she
could only pay ‚Ç¨300 euros per day in 'liquide'. She owed the sum on the
average monthly salary of ‚Ç¨1,400 she'd made in 2013.
 
For the fourth and final payment, the 28-year-old unemployed hotel
worker turned up with ‚Ç¨207 euros in rolls of one-, two- and five-centime
coins, which a friend who works in a bank had helpfully supplied.
 
She also took along her piggy bank, which she smashed open at the
counter to round up the sum.
 
It took officials more than two hours to count the coins. The tax centre
workers initially gave her a frosty reception but soon saw the comic
side of things and started taking photos of the counting operation.
 
"I'm not against paying taxes. But I don't think we should have to pay
so much," said Audrey, echoing complaints from across France at the
Socialist President Fran√ßois Hollande's high-tax policies.
 
She said she had written an open letter to the president to complain
"about this government which takes us for idiots and also simply because
I am French and I love to complain!"
 
France has a global reputation for its high taxes. A recent study by
liberal minded Brussels-based think tank the Molinari Economic Institute
study found that the real tax rate for an average worker in France in
2014 stands at 57.17%, well above the EU average of 45.27%.

The French are also having to dedicate a larger portion of their
earnings to paying off the taxes. The Molinari study found that the ‚Äúday
of fiscal liberation‚Äù for French workers ‚Äì the day when they have earned
enough to pay their tax bill for the year ‚Äì fell on July 28th, two days
later than the year before.

However some doubted the veracity of that study by an organisation that
has been highly critical of France‚Äôs taxation policies. 

A separate study by Eurostat in June revealed that France had the third
highest tax burden in Europe behind Denmark and Belgium.
  unique_identifier
Jacksonville car dealer gives woman refund in pennies

When ordered by the state to refund a customer's $400, a Jacksonville
Florida car dealer, called Holiday Motors, offered the refund in bags of
pennies and small change.

Jacksonville car dealer gives woman refund in pennies When ordered by
the state to refund a customer's $400, a Jacksonville Florida car
dealer, called Holiday Motors, offered the refund in bags of pennies and
small change.

Car dealer pays customer $400 refund with pennies Ken Amaro, First Coast
News

Irena Mujakovic purchased this 2003 Saab from Holiday
Motors in January. She now regrets her decision.

The international college student said she didn't expect the problems
she encountered. "It had transmission problems," she said. "The message
said gearbox malfunction."

They repaired the vehicle and sold her a warranty. Then the transmission
went out again.

"First time I paid $300. Second time, they asked me for $400. saying how
the warranty doesn't cover labor," said Mujakovic, "I though it unfair
because nobody said that to me."

She filed a complaint with the DMV's district office. The state agency
investigated and told the dealer to give her a refund.

"That's actually money that I borrowed to pay them because I don't have
it. My tuition is very expensive," she said.

This week when she went to pick up her refund, she was surprised. She
said the dealer had two bags of coins and some dollar bills.

"There were some one dollar bills, but mostly pennies, like two full
bags," she said.

She left the bags at the dealership. She said she didn't know if it is
the correct amount, and didn't have time to sit there and count every
penny. "I'm so mad with them," she said.

Ed Di Miranda runs the dealership. "The warranty did not cover labor and
I failed to write that in and that was her loophole," he said.

When asked if the coins are retaliation for her complaint, he said
business has been slow, that he's pulling money to give her a refund,
that it is what it is.

"I am doing what DMV asked me to do," he said "it is legal tender."

Di Miranda said only about $85 are in coins and the rest are in dollar
bills. He said it is money he emptied from various containers where he
keeps spare change. He said as far as he's concerned he has complied
with the Department of Motor Vehicle order.

The money is waiting at the dealership for pick up.

  unique_identifier
Jason Robert West Paid $25 Medical Bill In Pennies, Got Fined $140 For
  Disorderly Conduct

Jason Robert West got a lesson in common cents. The 40-year-old Vernal,
Utah, man paid a disputed $25 medical bill with 2,500 pennies. But he
wound up having to cough up an extra $140
for the surly way he did it, according to reports.

A judge ruled Thursday that West alarmed the Basin Clinic staff and
patients enough to merit a disorderly conduct conviction -- and the fine.

According to testimony reported
by KSL-TV, West entered the office in May 2011 and verbally abused the
receptionist over the bill and caused worry by apologizing in advance
for what he was about to do as he reached into a bag. He then dumped the
pennies on the desk. They landed with a thud as loud as a gun shot,
scattering on the desk and floor.

Perhaps West could have taken a cue from those who settle up in
memorable ways, but still manage to maintain their dignity.

In July, Thomas Daigle of Milford, Mass., made the last mortgage payment
on his home with 62,000 pennies and didn't throw a hissy.

Earlier this month, a man paid a $137 traffic ticket with 137 dollar
bills folded into origami pigs.
Even the cop (pig, get it?) who ticketed him appreciated the effort.

But West's theatrics entertained no one the day he spilled the copper
coinage. "I can't understand why a reasonable person would do that,"
Vernal City Justice Court Judge Ray Richards said.

West has 30 days to decide whether to ask for a new trial, the /Deseret
News/ wrote.

  unique_identifier
Keep the change when paying Millcreek bills

Don't break out your piggy bank to pay bills at the Millcreek Township
Municipal Building.


The township supervisors, along with the Millcreek water and sewer
authorities, have passed separate measures that limit the amount of
coins that can be used to pay bills or fees.


The action was taken after a Millcreek woman paid most of her estimated
$200 sewer bill on March 20 with nickels, dimes and quarters, said David
Sterrett, executive director of the Millcreek sewer and water authorities.


The woman, whom Sterrett did not identify, asked employees whether they
accepted payment in the form of coins. When they said they did, she
picked up a shoe box full of coins and lifted it onto the counter in the
office.


She used a few bills for part of the payment, but most of it was in
coins, Sterrett said.


It took about one hour for four employees to count the money, sort it
and put the coins into sleeves that could be taken to a bank, Sterrett said.


"They had never encountered a similar situation," he said.


The sewer authority passed a resolution that same afternoon, during its
regularly scheduled meeting, to limit the number of coins that could be
used for payment, Sterrett said.


The water authority adopted the same language during its meeting March 26.


The two boards' resolutions state that they will not accept any more
than $10 in unrolled coins as payment, and no more than $20 in rolled
coins in sleeves per bill payment.


If any rolled coins are used, the customer must be responsible for the
rolls by placing his or her name and telephone number on each roll.


Any bank fees charged to the authorities for using coins will be passed
along to the customer, the resolutions also state.


Sterrett said he asked Millcreek supervisors to adopt a similar policy
for consistency among the township and the authorities.


Supervisors adopted virtually the same policy, with some additional
language, for payment of such fees as streetlight assessments and parks
and recreation programs, Supervisor Brian McGrath said.


Sterrett said, "We coined the (phrase) 'loose coin policy.'"

  unique_identifier
Kids get detention for penny prank

Parents in New Jersey are firing back at school officials for what they
say is excessive punishment for a innocent prank. More than two dozen
eighth graders were given two days of detention after they paid for
their lunches entirely in pennies.

It happened in Whitehouse Station.

Eyewitness News reporter Carolina Lied has the story.

Some kids brought 200 pennies to pay for their lunches Thursday. They
walked away with detention slips instead of lunches.

Student Amanda Wolfenden never thought a bunch of coins would put her
and 24 of her classmates in hot water.

The Readington Middle School eighth graders put together the penny prank
in mere minutes, and now they're looking at two days of detention.

"When the lunch ladies caught wind that we were all trying to pay in
pennies, they were very aggravated and thought they were disrespected,"
Wolfenden said.

The students arranged the prank through text messages, online blogs and
the good old fashioned telephone line.

But what they thought was a joke was anything but to the lunch staff who
had to count the coins.

"I don't think it was their intention to do much harm, but there's
consequences for the behavior when other kids are inconvenienced that
way and couldn't get through the lunch line," Superintendent Dr. Jorden
Schiff said. "Or the lunch ladies having to count thousands of pennies."

"There's no rule in the rule book that states that pennies can't be used
to buy lunches," eighth-grader Sarah Henschel said. "We never thought
they would do this. We thought they would give us a silent lunch or just
yell at us."

But some parents are sticking by their kids, saying the punishment is
too harsh.

"Two detentions is way too much," dad Tom Henschel said. "They don't get
anything out of it."

The kids say a half an hour is not enough time for 250 students to get
through the line and eat lunch. They say they just wanted to send a
message, one penny at a time.

The superintendent says the district responded, one detention at a time.
  unique_identifier
Kids Shut Down School Lunch By Paying With Pennies

In an effort to draw attention to their dislike of a shortened lunch
period, some seventh- and eighth-grade New Jersey students paid for
their lunch in pennies, causing school officials to overreact.

Last week in Readington Township, New Jersey, 29 middle school students
decided to pay for their $2 lunchwith 200 pennies, as a way to attract
attention to a policy they disagree with ó a shortened 30-minute "lunch
hour." In what can only be described as sketchy details, the Associated
Press relates that it started out as a "prank," but that it turned into
a "protest." It did slow the lunch line to a slow crawl.

School "do-as-you-are-told-or-else" officials decided that it was
neither funny nor a protest, and that the students "disrespected" lunch
aides and therefore needed to be put on detention for two days.

There has been more than a little fallout since the story went public,
with one headline shouting "Free the Readington 29." The school has
since rescinded its orders for detention for those students whose
parentsí donít wish it, as many parents deemed the punishment too harsh.
Superintendent Jorden Schiff commented that he was "concerned" about all
the national media attention, hence the reason for the reprieve.

Well, since schools are where lessons are learned, letís look at just
what lessons were learned here and who learned them.

The students learned that using legitimate legal tender to pay for their
lunches is still legal and legitimate, as they were not punished for
that. They also learned that some school officials are confused about
the term "disrespect," and that said officials equate it with
"non-conformity," terms the kids didnít have confused at all, as there
was no evidence that the students were disorderly or behaved
offensively, they just paid for their lunches in an unusual manner. They
also learned that a little bit of quiet, calm, clever civil disobedience
can go a long way.

On the negative side, in the aftermath students learned that school
officials can and do backpeddle, donít have to admit they are wrong, and
that they also use public relations and marketing techniques to cover
their backsides. The school districtís website has a press release where
we find out that a new "student activism club" is being formed to give
students a forum to express themselves ó something this bunch of kids
doesnít need, and probably something they instinctively know won't do
them a bit of good. Students, it says, must learn to balance "the right
to protest with the expectation that all members of the school community
honor the rights of others and treat each other respectfully," evidence
of a new lesson filled as it is with sophistry and double-speak.

School officials learned that they havenít completely dulled the
intellects of all of their students, nor absorbed them into total blind
subservience, as the kidsí plan appears to have been carefully thought
out and implemented. The school learned that even though they are an arm
of the state, they still have to be somewhat responsive to the local
community's standards and wishes, and that publicity can be a bad thing.

Parents should have learned from the kids this time about how to draw
attention to oppressive policies while remaining within the letter and
spirit of the law. And hopefully the parents learned that they must be
much more vigilant when it comes to state-sponsored education, various
school policies, the treatment meted out to children who donít conform,
and the soft-soaping that goes on after the fact, to negate the damage
already done.
  unique_identifier
California man empties grandkids' piggy banks to pay his $14,000
  property tax bill in CHANGE

  * Larry Gasper shocked tellers at a Redding bank branch when he showed
    up with a wheelbarrow full of coins and dollar bills
  * Said he'd hit tough times financially so his friends and family
    decided to chip in to help get him out of debt

Most people think spare change just weighs them down.

But one California man put his to good use - saving up enough coins and
dollar bills to pay his hefty $14,000 property tax bill.

Larry Gasper shocked tellers at a Redding bank branch when he showed up
with a wheelbarrow full of change this week.


Coins: Larry Gasper, pictured, shocked tellers at a Redding bank branch
when he showed up with not just pockets full of change - but a
wheelbarrow full

The grandfather said he'd hit tough times financially so his friends and
family decided to chip in to help get him out of debt.

They gave Gasper whatever they could afford, in coins and dollar bills.

'I had to borrow some money,' he told ABC News.

The grandfather said he'd hit tough times financially so his friends and
family decided to chip in to help get him out of debt.

Tough times: The grandfather, right, said he'd hit tough times
financially so his friends and family decided to chip in to help get him
out of debt

He added that that he'd skipped mortgage payments on the house he lives
in to make up the balance and also raided piggy banks to fill the barrow
with change.

'I've missed a few payments on my home to pay for my taxes for this
piece of property.

'My grandkids' piggy banks, my daughters' piggy banks, my money, my
change and a lot of people have offered to help a bit.'

Heavy: Gasper said he rolled all the money, pictured, himself before
packing the $14,000 in the back of his car and driving to the bank

Counting: A video of the transaction shows the teller's jaw drop before
she calls over a colleague to witness the bizarre transaction and the
two begin to count the mountain of change

Gasper said he rolled all the money himself before packing the $14,000
in the back of his car and driving to the bank.

A video of the transaction shows the teller's jaw drop before she calls
over a colleague to witness the bizarre transaction. The two then begin
to count the mountain of change.

Gasper said he was relieved to no longer have the debt - or change -
weighing him down.
  unique_identifier
Letters: Paying With Pennies

Re‚ÄúDear Starbucks: A Penny for Your Thoughts‚Äù
(Strategies, Jan. 15), which described how Starbucks had raised the cost
of a tall cup of coffee in Manhattan to $2.01, after tax:

I have a totally different reaction to that not-so-round price.

Every day I leave my apartment with a scooped-up handful of change,
hoping to use it when paying for odd-priced items. How satisfying to buy
a bag of clementines for $6.99 and plunk down 99 cents on the counter:
it lightens my pocket and I get four almost weightless singles back from
a $10 bill. Starbucks should be congratulated for helping us recycle our
coins and reduce our mounds of change. Allan Ripp

Manhattan, Jan. 16

To the Editor:

If you‚Äôre thinking of buying a cup of coffee at a Manhattan Starbucks,
here‚Äôs a whimsical idea: Go to the bank and exchange $2 for four rolls
of pennies. Pour them into a clear plastic bag. Then go to Starbucks and
order your tall cup of coffee. When the barista tells you the price,
hand her the bag ‚Äî with an added penny and a smile. Samm Carlton

Waquoit, Mass., Jan. 15


            A version of this letter appeared in print on January 22,
            2012, on page BU2 of the New York edition with the headline:
            Paying With Pennies.

  unique_identifier
Libertarian Florida woman pays $11,000 in taxes with $1 bills in
  protest of local government

  * *'Save your own money': Julann Roe says she doesn't like tax
    increases or paying for other people's retirement*
  * *The Dade City insurance company owner was paying taxes on her
    $700,000 41-acre estate*
  * *'I do not feel obligated to pay for your retirement': Roe's act of
    protest came after Pasco County voted for 3 percent employee pay
    increase*

Julann Roe says she doesn't like tax increases or paying for other
people's retirement so she paid her tax pill in singles out of protest

Julann Roe says she doesn't like tax increases or paying for other
people's retirement so she paid her tax pill in singles out of protest

A Libertarian and outspoken critic of her Florida county's government
paid her $11,075.44 tax bill in dollar bills, plus 44 pennies, in
protest of an employee pay increase.

Julann Roe brought the stash of cash to the county office complex on
Monday. Pasco County Tax Collector Mike Fasano says it took several
employees more than an hour to count and verify it.

‚ÄòI was wondering how she got that many dollar bills,‚Äô Fasano said. ‚ÄòI
doubt any bank would have that many singles on hand.'

Fasano didn't fault her math, though.

'It was correct, he said. 'Down to the penny.'

Roe's 41-acre estate in Dade City is valued at $711,447. It includes a
4,014-square-foot home with a covered pool, Jacuzzi and outdoor fireplace. 

There is also a detached garage and horse stables worth $118,300,
according to theTampa Tribune.

Roe has attended multiple public hearings this year to speak against the
budget, which saw employee pay raises for the first time in five years.

To the penny: Pasco County tax collector Mike Fasano says it took his
office an hour to count out Roe's 11,075 dollar bills and forty four
pennies

‚ÄòI do not feel obligated to pay for any wage increase for any county
employee,‚Äô she said at a September meeting.

Roe, whose family owns an insurance company, said she shouldn‚Äôt have to
pay to take care of the employees after they reach retirement age.

‚ÄòI do not feel obligated to pay for your retirement, either. Save your
own money for your own retirement,‚Äô she said.

Dolla' bills, ya'll: 'I was wondering how she got that many dollar
bills, 'Fasano quipped. 'I doubt any bank would have that many singles
on hand'

'I do not feel obligated to pay for any wage increase for any county
employee': Roe was protesting a recent 3 percent pay increase for all
employees in Pasco County, including those at this government office. It
was their first in over 5 years

She also opposed a since-defeated gas tax increase.

‚ÄòThe public is not your slush fund,‚Äô she continued. ‚ÄòStay within your
means because we don‚Äôt want anymore taxes.‚Äô

Fasano said Roe‚Äôs visit to the tax collector was anything but typical
but was quick to point out that, thanks to tax dollars, his office was
there to serve her.

‚ÄòWe‚Äôre here to serve anyone who comes into our office,‚Äô he said. ‚ÄòWe‚Äôve
had people pay in cash before, but to have a property tax bill over
$11,000 is not average.‚Äô
  unique_identifier
Insurance company pays 21,000 dollar settlement to senior citizen in coins

Insurance companies always rank pretty highly on the list of businesses
that people genuinely don't like to deal with, and it seems that one
firm in California has no problem with adding to that reputation. 

In what can only be described in the internet parlance of our times as a
"dick move, bro", Adrianaís Insurance Service, Inc. from California
recently payed a settlement of $21,000 (just over Ä15,700) to a
73-year-old man in coins. 

The settlement had to do with a suit that Andres Carrasco had taken
against the company after he claimed that he was physically assaulted by
one of their employees, but things during the proceedings obviously got
a little bit petty, as Adriana's decided that this was the best way to
hand over what they owed. 

The senior citizen and the company came to an agreement in June, but he
was left shocked when eight employees from the firm showed up to his
attorney's office in a van with five gallon containers full of coins in
hand and left them at reception. 

Having just undergone a hernia operation, there was no question that he
would be able to lift even one of the buckets, and his lawyer said
that "there are 16 buckets of quarters, nickels, dimes and pennies. Itís
going to take us at least, conservatively, one week to count that whole
amount of money."

They're obviously hoping that there really is no such thing as bad
publicity, but Carrasco said in a statement that "I am disappointed by
the way Adriana's treats their customers and the elderly. We might be
poor, but we are people too", which is probably not a tagline they want
on their advertising. Unsurprisingly, they have declined to comment to
the media. 
  unique_identifier
Watch as this Australian man pays a parking fine in pennies

Parking fines are a bit like speeding tickets, in the sense that if you
don‚Äôt speed, you won‚Äôt get a ticket, if you don‚Äôt park illegally, you
won‚Äôt get a ticket.

However we‚Äôve all been given a ticket at one point or another that we
felt was completely unjustified, maybe 1 or 2 minutes late, I mean we‚Äôre
all trying to get on in the world right, what‚Äôs the harm in getting back
to your car a/little bit/ late? And normally it‚Äôs these tickets that
really get you riled up.

Well this Australian man from Adelaide was so disgruntled by his $60
parking fine that he took out the necessary money to pay the fine, then
went straight to the bank to have it changed into the smallest
increments possible, 5 cent coins, 1,200 of them.

Now as much as I can empathise with a furious motorist and his hilarious
way of dealing with a fine, I can‚Äôt help but feel that maybe he
shouldn‚Äôt have been so aggressive with the lady behind the desk at the
council, as she was just doing her job, perhaps the best way would have
been to politely hand over the bag rather than push the pennies onto her
desk, what do you guys think?

  unique_identifier
Man arrested, cuffed after using $2 bills

A man trying to pay a fee using $2 bills was arrested, handcuffed and
taken to jail after clerks at a Best Buy store questioned the currency‚Äôs
legitimacy and called police.

According to an account in the Baltimore Sun, 57-year-old Mike Bolesta
was shocked to find himself taken to the Baltimore County lockup in
Cockeysville, Md., where he was handcuffed to a pole for three hours
while the U.S. Secret Service was called to weigh in on the case.

Bolesta told the Sun: ‚ÄúI am 6 feet 5 inches tall, and I felt like 8
inches high. To be handcuffed, to have all those people looking on, to
be cuffed to a pole ‚Äì and to know you haven‚Äôt done anything wrong. And
me, with a brother, Joe, who spent 33 years on the city police force. It
was humiliating.‚Äù

After Best Buy personnel reportedly told Bolesta he would not be charged
for the installation of a stereo in his son‚Äôs car, he received a call
from the store saying it was in fact charging him the fee. As a means of
protest, Bolesta decided to pay the $114 bill using 57 crisp, new $2 bills.

As the owner of Capital City Student Tours, the Baltimore resident has a
hearty supply of the uncommon currency. He often gives the bills to
students who take his tours for meal money.

‚ÄúThe kids don‚Äôt see that many $2 bills, so they think this is the
greatest thing in the world,‚Äù Bolesta says. ‚ÄúThey don‚Äôt want to spend
‚Äòem. They want to save ‚Äòem. I‚Äôve been doing this since I started the
company. So I‚Äôm thinking, ‚ÄòI‚Äôll stage my little comic protest. I‚Äôll pay
the $114 with $2 bills.‚Äô‚Äù

Bolesta explained what happened when he presented the bills to the
cashier at Best Buy Feb. 20.

‚ÄúShe looked at the $2 bills and told me, ‚ÄòI don‚Äôt have to take these if
I don‚Äôt want to.‚Äô I said, ‚ÄòIf you don‚Äôt, I‚Äôm leaving. I‚Äôve tried to pay
my bill twice. You don‚Äôt want these bills, you can sue me.‚Äô So she took
the money ‚Äì like she‚Äôs doing me a favor.‚Äù

Bolesta says the cashier marked each bill with a pen. Other store
employees began to gather, a few of them asking, ‚ÄúAre these real?‚Äù

‚ÄúOf course they are,‚Äù Bolesta said. ‚ÄúThey‚Äôre legal tender.‚Äù

According to the Sun report, the police arrest report noted one employee
noticed some smearing of ink on the bills. That‚Äôs when the cops were
called. One officer reportedly noticed the bills ran in sequential order.

Said Bolesta: ‚ÄúI told them, ‚ÄòI‚Äôm a tour operator. I‚Äôve got thousands of
these bills. I get them from my bank. You got a problem, call the bank.‚Äô
I‚Äôm sitting there in a chair. The store‚Äôs full of people watching this.
All of a sudden, he‚Äôs standing me up and handcuffing me behind my back,
telling me, ‚ÄòWe have to do this until we get it straightened out.‚Äô

‚ÄúMeanwhile, everybody‚Äôs looking at me. I‚Äôve lived here 18 years. I‚Äôm
hoping my kids don‚Äôt walk in and see this. And I‚Äôm saying, ‚ÄòI can‚Äôt
believe you‚Äôre doing this. I‚Äôm paying with legal American money.‚Äô‚Äù

Bolesta was taken to the lockup, where he sat handcuffed to a pole and
in leg irons while the Secret Service was called.

‚ÄúAt this point,‚Äù he says, ‚ÄúI‚Äôm a mass murderer.‚Äù

Secret Service agent Leigh Turner eventually arrived and declared the
bills legitimate, adding, according to the police report, ‚ÄúSometimes ink
on money can smear.‚Äù

Commenting on the incident, Baltimore County police spokesman Bill
Toohey told the Sun: ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs a sign that we‚Äôre all a little nervous in the
post-9/11 world.‚Äù
  unique_identifier
Man attempts to buy car with $16,000 in coins, gets bored and uses card instead

A Shandong man tried to buy a car with five tons of coins, but got
frustrated at how long it took staff to count the money and paid with
his card instead, /Global Times /reports. 

The dealership in Liaocheng told reporters that the man wanted to buy a
100,000 yuan ($16,000) car with begs of one yuan coins he'd brought
along with him. 

"He supposedly had five tons in there," one employee said, "but only
gave us 50,000 yuan because he was going to buy more cars at other dealers."

Every available employee was roped in to help count the coins, but the
buyer started getting impatient. Eventually he paid the balance on his
bank card. 

The dealership was still left with a couple tons in coins, which they
have to deposit at the bank in 2,000 yuan increments every day. 

In October, two Chinese tourists were arrested in Paris after they tried
to settle their bill with a portion of 3,500 one euro coins they had
stashed in their hotel room. 
  unique_identifier
Man Attempts to Pay $6,400 Tax with Kiddie Pool Full of Pennies

God bless our friends to the North. If you can't have a sense of humor about
this stuff, you're likely to do something stupid like, say, join the Tea
Party:

    A Quebec man, fed up with his skyrocketing property taxes, carted
    more than 200,000 pennies down to City Hall to pay his bill. But he
    was denied, and asked to simply cut a cheque.

    Normand Czepial of Ripon, Que. ‚Äî less than an hour's drive northeast
    of Gatineau ‚Äî arrived at City Hall on Wednesday with a children's
    pool filled with 213,625 pennies.

Now we're wondering - did Normand roll into his bank that morning to
make the withdrawal and demand the smallest denomination possible or had
he been saving all the copper coins his entire life for this exact moment?

Whichever it is, we applaud this particular brand of /awesome/. The only
beef we have this move is that he used the kiddie pool to schelp the
pennies down to City Hall. What the hell, man? Depriving your kids of
fun in the /middle of summer?/ Sure you're a little bit of smartass
(which we like) but it appears also a bit of dick in the Dad Department.
Not cool.

    Czepial's property tax bill reportedly rose by nearly $4,000 dollars
    last year to $6,400. Czepial tried to pay with pennies to protest
    the hike.

    Ripon Mayor Luc Desjardins was surprised to see the stunt, but had
    to tell Czepial to find another way to pay his bill.

    Under the Currency Act, nobody is obliged to accept more than 25
    pennies as payment for any product or service. Normand Czepial,
    unfortunately, was 213,600 over the limit.

Even the Toronto Sun is throwing around the jokes! Everyone that is
threatening to move to Canada given a particular election of [insert
hated political figure] should take note that it sounds kinda fun up there!

Man tries to pay tax with 200,000 pennies [Toronto Sun via TaxProf]
  unique_identifier
Man Attempts To Pay Hospital Bill With Pennies

A few dollar bills would have kept one Utah man out of trouble with the
law.Jason West reportedly walked into a Salt Lake City clinic on May
27th to dispute a 25-dollar bill.  The 38-year-old allegedly asked if
they accepted cash, and then proceeded to poor 25-hundred pennies on the
counter.  Authorities tell the ‚ÄúDesert News‚Äù that West‚Äôs behavior served
‚Äúno legitimate purpose,‚Äù and only upset the staff at the clinic.  West
has since been cited for disorderly conduct and ordered to pay
140-dollar fine.  unique_identifier
Man charged for paying with pennies

A US man paid for a disputed medical bill with 2,500 pennies

A US man has been cited on a charge of disorderly conduct after paying
for a disputed medical bill with 2,500 pennies.

The Deseret News of Salt Lake City, Utah, reports that Jason West went
to Basin Clinic in Vernal on May 27 prepared to dispute an outstanding
25 US dollar bill.

Assistant Vernal police chief Keith Campbell said that after asking
staff members whether they accepted cash, West dumped 2,500 pennies on
the counter and demanded that staff count them.

Mr Campbell said the incident upset staff because pennies were strewn
about the counter and floor, and West's action served "no legitimate
purpose".

Police later issued the 38-year-old West a citation for disorderly
conduct. That carries a fine of as much as 140 US dollars. Or 14,000
pennies.
  unique_identifier
Man Cited By Police After He Pays $25 Medical Bill In Pennies

Money is money, right? Even if it‚Äôs 2,500 pennies dumped on a counter to
pay a $25 bill? Yeah, but that doesn‚Äôt mean people get mad when you
chuck a bunch of change at them.

A man in Vernal, Utah didn‚Äôt think he owed Basin Clinic $25,
and they said he did. So he did the mature thing and unloaded 2,500
pennies on the counter‚Äôs clinic, demanding they count it.

That upset the staff, who thought his bratty behavior served ‚Äúno
legitimate purpose,‚Äù so the cops were called as the man left the office.
The police cited him for disorderly conduct, an infraction, which
carries a potential fine of $140.

Who wants to bet he‚Äôs showing up to his court hearing with 140,000 shiny
copper pennies?

Police cite Vernal man accused of paying bill with 2,500
  unique_identifier
Man Cited for Disorderly Conduct for Paying $25 Medical Bill with
  2,500 Pennies

I don‚Äôt get this one. Aren‚Äôt pennies legal tender US currency? Aren‚Äôt
100 pennies worth just the same as a $1 bill? Is $25 not the same as
2,500 pennies?  So why, then, was Jason West, a 38-year-old man from
Vernal, Utah, charged with disorderly conduct for
paying a $25 medical bill with pennies?

Well, it‚Äôs a bit more complicated than that.

According to the /Christian Science Monitor /and the /Deseret News,
/West went to the Basin Clinic in Vernal to dispute a $25 doctor‚Äôs bill.
Anticipating losing his argument, the peeved patient brought along 2,500
pennies. When he didn‚Äôt get his way, West dumped the pennies‚Äì 14 pounds
(6.35 kg.) worth‚Äì on the counter and demanded that clinic employees
count it.

‚ÄúThe pennies were strewn about the counter and the floor,‚Äù the assistant
police chief told the /News. /Therein lies the root of the disorderly
conduct charge, as ridiculous as it may seem.

About those pennies‚Äì according to the /Monitor, /the Coinage Act of 1965
states that ‚ÄúUnited States coins and currency‚Ä¶ are legal tender for all
debts, public charges, taxes and dues.‚Äù However, private businesses do
not have to accept coins if they don‚Äôt want to. That‚Äôs why businesses
can legally refuse bills over $20 if they so desire.

If that seems unfair, perhaps that‚Äôs because it is. As for Jason West,
he could face a fine of up to $140. Hopefully he‚Äôll pay in pennies!

West isn‚Äôt the first person to try to pay a bill with thousands of
pennies. Just this March, Thierry Cahez paid a $6,500 credit card bill with
a mind-numbing 650,000 pennies. That‚Äôs 3,640 pounds (1,651 kg.)‚Äì nearly
two tons‚Äì worth.

  unique_identifier
Man cited for paying bill with 2,500 pennies

    Settling a disputed bill with pennies or other small change is
    occasionally used as a form of protest. But is it smart or effective?

What's one way to get your jollies while paying a disputed bill? Satisfy
the debt with pennies -- lots of them.

Or maybe not. A Vernal, Utah, man faces a charge of disorderly conduct
for paying a $25 medical bill with 2,500 pennies, according to police.
"After asking if they accepted cash, (Jason) West dumped 2,500 pennies
onto the counter and demanded that they count it," Vernal assistant
police chief Keith Campbell told the Deseret News.
"The pennies were strewn about the counter and the floor."

West left after staffers at the health clinic threatened to call the
police, who later wrote a citation for disorderly conduct, police said.
The maximum fine is $140.

Others have employed similar tactics without legal consequence.

It appears the citation in the Utah case was due to the mess that was
made -- not the payment of the bill with very small change. However,
merchants and others can decide NOT to accept pennies as payment,
Snopes.com wrote while addressing this false claim: "U.S. law specifies that
merchants do not have to accept more than 100 pennies as payment."

Pennies are legal tender, yes. But no law requires merchants to accept
them. "Businesses are free to accept or reject pennies as they see fit,"
Snopes wrote.

Do you think paying with pennies or other small coins is an effective
means of protest? Or are you just creating lots of additional work for
bureaucrats and clerks who have to process the payment? (Suggestion: If
you're compelled to do this, at least count and roll the coins first.)
  unique_identifier
Man Faces 14,000 Cent Fine For Paying Bill With Pennies.

In Vernal, Utah 38 year old Jason West has been cited for disorderly
conduct after paying a disputed medical bill with 2,500 pennies.

According to the Deseret News of Salt Lake City, West disputed a $25.00 
medical bill at Basin Medical Clinic recently and after asking if they
accepted cash, dumped 2,500 pennies on the counter and demanded the
staff count them. Assistant Vernal Police Chief Keith Campbell said that
the act served ‚Äúno legitimate purpose‚Äù and upset the staff because
pennies were strewn all over the counter and floor.

Police later charged West with a misdemeanor disorderly conduct charge
and he now faces a fine of $140.00. He might want to start saving his
pennies so he can pay his fine.

Speaking of saving pennies‚Ä¶ Recently, I went into a convenience store
here in town and when the clerk went to give me my change back she short
changed me .04 saying they were out of pennies. Now, .04 is no big deal
but it did kind of irk me the store would short change customers like
that. Seems to me, it‚Äôs the store‚Äôs fault they ran out of pennies, not
mine. If anyone should take the loss it should be them. So are they
going to do the same thing if they run out of nickels? dimes? ones??
Just doesn‚Äôt seem right to me. As Bill O‚ÄôReilly would say‚Ä¶ ‚Äúwhat say you?‚Äù
  unique_identifier
