


      Douche Move: Insurance Company Grudgingly Pays $21,000 Settlement
      In Buckets Of Coins


An insurance company dropped off a $21,000 settlement in buckets full of coins to a 73-year-old man from East L.A. who could couldn‚Äôt lift them because he‚Äôs suffering from a hernia.

Andres Carrasco filed a lawsuit against Adriana‚Äôs Insurance Service
Inc., claiming that one of their employees physically assaulted him in
2012, according to NBC Los Angeles.
And when the insurance company agreed in June to a settlement, they paid
him off with a check, but also with more than $21,000 worth of loose
change. According to Carrasco‚Äôs attorney, Antonio Gallo, eight Adriana
folks came by his office in a van and dropped off five-gallon containers
full of coins.

Gallo said that his client recently had a hernia operation and would in
no way have been able to carry those buckets.

‚ÄúI am disappointed by the way Adriana‚Äôs treats their customers and the
elderly,‚Äù Carrasco said in a statement. ‚ÄúWe might be poor, but we are
people too.‚Äù


    

  unique_identifier

  62,000 pennies used to pay off mortgage


A Massachusetts penny-pincher makes his last mortgage payment with
pennies. Ryan Schulteis reports.

What started out as a joke 35 years ago ended with a Massachusetts man
paying off his mortgage using 62,000 pennies. "I've never saved anything
other than pennies. And it started out as a whim. You know, a penny for
the mortgage," Thomas Daigle told NBC affiliate WHDH-TV of Boston.

Daigle, from Milford, Mass., recalled how, after signing the mortgage
papers 35 years ago, he found a penny on the ground. He and his wife
then joked about collecting pennies to pay off the loan -- and the rest
is history.

Over the next 35 years, Daigle would roll pennies, 50 cents at a time.
His bank found out the hard way just how much work that was -- it
reportedly took tellers two days to unroll the penny cases.



  unique_identifier



  75-Year-Old Michigan Woman‚Äôs Reaction To $570 Water Bill Is Priceless

Bay City's water department has long had billing issues; one 75-year old
found a humorous way to protest.Bay City's water department has long had
billing issues; one 75-year old found a humorous way to protest.

What‚Äôs a 75-year-old-woman to do when she‚Äôs informed that the city-run
water meter has been undercharging her for months and that she now must
pay a $569.81 water bill or face having her water shut off? Apparently,
if you‚Äôre from Bay City, Michigan, you pay the bill, but not by stroking
a $570 check.

/MLive/ quotes Sarah LeVasseur:

    ‚ÄúI want to let them know I‚Äôm upset. I was told my reading has been a
    mistake for the past several months and that none of my past bills
    were accurate.‚Äù

An unexpected $570 water bill would be a sock in the gut for anyone. Bay
City‚Äôs financial services director George Martini explained how the
water readings ‚Äî which utilize new smart meters that recently cost the
Michigan city $6.8 million ‚Äî can create such large discrepancies in
residents‚Äô water bills:

    ‚ÄúFor various reasons, the outside meter doesn‚Äôt always line up with
    the inside meter. It could be as simple as a spider getting into the
    meter and gumming things up ‚Äî it could be a number of things that
    might slow it down. That‚Äôs one of the reasons why we spent $6
    million to upgrade to the AMI meters. Really, one of the biggest
    problems we have are the people who literally pay their bill every
    month and never have any issues. We never get into their house to
    shut off the water, look at their meter, so we miss these things.
    It‚Äôs the squeaky wheel gets the grease analogy.‚Äù

So, in other words, Mrs. LeVasseur‚Äôs extra $570 water bill is her own
fault /for regularly paying her bills on time/. Makes perfect sense, right?

So, what did the 75-year-old Michigan woman do? She counted her pennies.
And nickels. And dimes. Lots of them‚Ä¶ $569.81 worth of them. Then, she
took the coins to City Hall and paid her $570 water bill with them.

She‚Äôs not the first person to attempt to pay a utility bill in Bay City,
Michigan with change. Another resident, Richard O‚ÄôHara, also tried to
pay a city utility bill with coins five years ago. At the time, the city
refused to take his payment, claiming that accepting the coins in
payment for his utility bill presented a security risk. This time, to
his credit, Martini chose not to argue about it. Instead, he counted the
coins personally, noting that LeVasseur was understandably upset about
the $570 water bill.

LeVasseur said that if the Bay City accounts receivable office had
refused to accept her water bill payment, she would have loaded the
coins into a wheelbarrow and taken them directly to the Bay City Commission.


  unique_identifier



  1982: Paying alimony in pennies gets Morgan County man sent to jail
  for six days

Back in 1982 WHNT News 19 did a story about a
Morgan County man who decided to pay his alimony in pennies.   A Morgan
County judge said Norman Guthrie was making a mockery of the court and
sentenced him to six days in the county jail.

The story above originally aired on February 24, 1982.

Guthrie likely could have appealed the judge‚Äôs sentence to a higher
court and won.   That‚Äôs because United States Code says pennies can be
used to pay debts to the court.

Title 31, Subtitle IV,  Chapter 51, Subchapter I, Section 5103 of the
United States Code states:

/United States coins and currency (including Federal reserve notes and
circulating notes of Federal reserve banks and national banks) are legal
tender for all debts, public charges, taxes, and dues./

However, Guthrie did not appeal the decision and served his six days in
jail.  He told us back in 2013 that he no regrets.



  unique_identifier
Update On `The Kid With The Pennies`

May 13, 1991|By Bob Greene.


At least once a week, usually more, a caller or letter-writer will get
in touch with us and ask the question:

``Whatever happened to the kid with the pennies?``

That`s always the phrase: ``the kid with the pennies.`` It seldom varies.

Well . . . the kid with the pennies graduated from college Sunday. Which
takes us back to where we all came in on this thing.

In 1987, a young man named Mike Hayes contacted me with an intriguing
idea. Hayes, 18, of Rochelle, Ill., was about to enroll at the
University of Illinois. He wasn`t an impoverished fellow, but he didn`t
know where his college money was going to come from. He didn`t want to
borrow from his parents, because they would have to go into debt to help
him.

So he came up with an idea:

What if I asked the readers of my column to send him a penny? Just a
penny from any reader who was willing to do it.

``A penny doesn`t mean anything to anyone,`` he said. ``A penny just
doesn`t count.``

I asked him how many pennies he needed.

``Well, we`re talking about four years of college,`` he said. ``Tuition,
room, board, books. . . .``

``How many?`` I said.

``I figure 2.8 million pennies ought to do it,`` he said.

2.8 million pennies is the equivalent of $28,000. $28,000 is a lot of
money, but a penny isn`t.

So I wrote about Mike Hayes in a column. He rented a post office box

(under the name ``Many Pennies for Mike``) in Rochelle, which is in the
middle of farm country and has a population of 9,000.

He got his college money-all 2.8 million pennies, or at least the
equivalent of that. Some people sent nickels. The pennies came from all
50 states, from many European nations, from Mexico, Canada, the Bahamas
and Japan. He went off to college-on a full ride from the penny-senders.

So whatever happened to the kid with the pennies?

``My degree from the U. of I. is in food science,`` Mike Hayes said the
other day. ``It`s been a great four years in college, but now it`s time
to graduate and go out and get a job.``

At first, he said, he was a celebrity on campus-because of the publicity
that came to him as the result of the penny stunt, he was famous for a
while. Television stations interviewed him, young women from around the
country sent him their pictures (apparently because they admired his
entrepreneurial spirit), strangers stopped him to ask him questions, a
former Miss America even wrote him a friendly letter.

Lately, though, he has been fairly anonymous. On a college campus, four
years is a lifetime. Mike Hayes, as a senior, became just another
old-timer at the U. of I.

``My friends still know,`` he said the other day. ``I don`t hear so much
from strangers anymore. But my friends call me `Penny Man.` That`s their
nickname for me.``

He knows that there must be a certain amount of resentment toward him.
After all, he didn`t do anything to earn those 2.8 million pennies. He
wasn`t a hard-luck case. He hadn`t had an unfortunate upbringing. He was
just a kid from the middle of the country who had a clever idea. It
ended up putting him through four years of college.

``I know this whole thing was sort of funny,`` Hayes said the other day.

``But as I graduate, I just want to thank everyone who sent a penny. The
idea made people laugh, but I`m not sure I would have made it all the
way through college if this hadn`t happened. So I`m glad that the penny
thing caused people to smile-but I`m more glad that I got to go to
college.``

There`s one more thing:

Mike Hayes needed the 2.8 million pennies to pay for college, but he
ended up getting approximately 2.9 million pennies. So there`s an extra
$1,000 in the Many Pennies for Mike account.

He and his family saved a lot of the letters that arrived in Rochelle
four years ago. ``We have about 90,000 of the letters stored in my
brother`s basement,`` he said.

Mike plans to give the extra $1,000 to a deserving college student from
one of the families that sent him pennies. ``I`m not going to be real
scientific about it,`` he said. ``I`m just going to stick my hand into
those 90,000 letters we saved, start calling people whose names are on
the envelopes I grab, and ask if there`s a person in their family who
needs $1,000 for college. I`m going to trust them-I`m going to count on
them to tell me if they don`t really need the college money. If they
don`t need it, I`ll move on to the next envelope.``

Sort of the Many Pennies for Mike Scholarship.

``This whole thing has been very goofy,`` he said. ``Tell everyone how
much I appreciate it.``
  unique_identifier
Ôªø Taxpayers Coin Protest Slogan The Buck Stops Here, They Tell School
  District

August 30, 1991|by MARIO F. CATTABIANI, The Morning Call

Muscles straining and brows dripping, a group of Easton Area School
District residents lugged bags, boxes and pails of change to pay their
property taxes yesterday, and aiming a slogan at Easton school officials:

The buck stops here -- and so do the nickels and the dimes.

In what has both a mild tax revolt and a media stunt, the demonstrators
yesterday hoped to get their message across as they paid what they
considered "inflated" taxes with coins.

"The school board wants my last nickel. Well, here it is," said Alan
Legath of Easton, dumping his wrapped coins on a counter in the city tax
collector's office. Legath, along with his wife, Michelle, said their
property taxes jumped 62.1 percent this year because of the county's
reassessment and increased school levies.

Despite vocal objections at a seriesof public hearings, school directors
in June approved a $38.5 million 1991-92 operating budget. A
13.6-percent tax increase -- the largest in a decade -- was required to
fund the spending plan.

"The buck stops here," said Frank Manazer, an Easton businessman and
property owner. "We are trying to tell the school board, `Lets be
conservative.'"

Pat Vulcano Jr., city treasurer and tax collector, didn't appear to mind
the inconvenience of the coins. In fact, he agreed with the event's message.

"It just shows that the school board is totally insensitive to the
taxpayers," Vulcano said. "I've had people in here literally in tears
because they were afraid they would lose their homes because they
couldn't afford the increased taxes."

What effect the demonstration will have on future tax hikes remains to
be seen. But for at least one resident, the display was worth it.

"I hope this tells other people that there are honest ways to protest.
If you sit back, they'll steamroll over you," said South Side resident
Merrielee Legath after paying her $686 tax bill.

Oh, $686.05. Let's not forget that loose nickel, she added.

  unique_identifier
Ôªø September 27, 1996 </1996/sep/27/> in Nation/World
          </nation-world/>


  Patrons Test Restaurants‚Äô Tolerance Researchers Try To Get Clerks Steamed

By *Richard Roesler * The Spokesman-Review


Nearly every September for the last 11 years, Palouse fast-food
restaurants have been hit with a plague of customers from hell.

They deliberately spill Cokes on floors, haul bikes into dining rooms,
and bang on the drive-through windows.

They put a hair on a cheeseburger and complain. They pay with pennies.
They toss their keys in the trash and demand that a clerk fish them out.

All this in the name of research.

‚ÄúWe‚Äôre trying to determine the reaction we get by being jerks,‚Äù said
Tony Belsito, a Washington State University senior.


Nearly every September for the last 11 years, Palouse fast-food
restaurants have been hit with a plague of customers from hell.

They deliberately spill Cokes on floors, haul bikes into dining rooms,
and bang on the drive-through windows.

They put a hair on a cheeseburger and complain. They pay with pennies.
They toss their keys in the trash and demand that a clerk fish them out.

All this in the name of research.

‚ÄúWe‚Äôre trying to determine the reaction we get by being jerks,‚Äù said
Tony Belsito, a Washington State University senior.

Welcome to the field trials of a class called Hospitality 382, which
sends more than two dozen students out each fall to secretly grade local
restaurants on their friendliness under duress.

‚ÄúService is not dead in America. It‚Äôs mediocre,‚Äù said Professor Don Smith.

Smith, 67, former president of the Shakey‚Äôs Pizza chain, has taught the
‚ÄúChain Restaurant Management‚Äù class at WSU for more than a decade.

The bad customer spree, Smith said, also shows his students - many of
whom will go on to manage restaurants and hotels - what it‚Äôs like to be
a customer with a complaint.

Students visited 14 restaurants three times each, looking for unusually
good - or bad - service. The top three restaurants will be honored at an
awards ceremony this morning. Smith‚Äôs students wouldn‚Äôt reveal the big
three early.

The students‚Äô meal tabs are picked up by a Kentucky Fried Chicken
executive who donates $2,000 per year for class expenses.

Often, students said, their complaints and buffoonery were met with
rolling eyes and scowls. One grill cook, furious that a cheeseburger had
been sent back, hurled it into the trash. In past years, workers have
laughed at the problems people on crutches have trying to carry food
trays, or they have grossly inflated the bills of foreign students.

Chad Heilesen and his partner rode their bicycles through the
drive-through, paid with small change, then dragged the bikes into the
Moscow Arby‚Äôs dining room. They were amazed when the manager,
unperturbed, offered to park the bikes at a nearby table.

Rona Thang and her partner went to the Arby‚Äôs in Pullman. They placed
their order, then hauled out a sack of 200 coins to pay the $7 bill.
Next, they took Thang‚Äôs house keys, smeared them with ketchup and
flicked them into a trash can.

‚ÄúMy God!‚Äù Thang announced. ‚ÄúI‚Äôve lost my keys!‚Äù

Without complaint, the clerk hustled the trash bag into the back and
emerged three minutes later with the keys, which she‚Äôd washed.

‚ÄúShe even said, ‚ÄòOh, it‚Äôs a pretty key chain,‚Äù‚Äô recalled Thang,
still impressed.

After a decade of these ‚Äúsecret shopper‚Äù exercises, restaurant managers
are on guard every September. But occasionally, they run into genuinely
snotty people, Smith said.

‚ÄúThey oftentimes think it‚Äôs our kids - and it isn‚Äôt.‚Äù
  unique_identifier
Ôªø

ProQuest </advanced?accountid=12874>
Chicago Tribune </chicagotribune?accountid=12874>

 TOLLWAY CHEATERS WARNED TO PAY UP VIDEOS COULD BRING LICENSE
    SUSPENSION: [CHICAGO SPORTS FINAL Edition]




      Abstract (summary)

Translate [unavailable for this document]

The report, which Gov. George Ryan asked tollway Director Thomas
Cuculich to prepare last October, was due in early December. But its
complexity, along with the difficulty of nailing down an appointment
with the governor to present it, have resulted in repeated delays,
Cuculich said during a tollway board meeting Thursday.

The report, which Gov. George Ryan asked tollway Director Thomas
Cuculich to prepare last October, was due in early December. But its
complexity, along with the difficulty of nailing down an appointment
with the governor to present it, have resulted in repeated delays,
Cuculich said during a tollway board meeting Thursday.

You have requested "on-the-fly" machine translation of selected content
from our databases. This functionality is provided solely for your
convenience and is in no way intended to replace human translation. 
 

Electric messaging signs on Illinois toll roads began blinking out a
dire warning to toll cheats Thursday:

"Don't nickel and dime your license away!" warns one.

"Don't risk arrest. Pay your tolls!" says another.

The signs reflect a law that became effective Jan. 1 that gives the
Illinois State Toll Highway Authority and secretary of state's office
the power to suspend the driver's licenses of those who ignore five toll
violation tickets. Video enforcement cameras record the violations.
Citations grow from $20 to $50 if ignored for 21 days.

Meanwhile, the deadline has been pushed back again for a tollway report
that outlines options for the road authority's future-- including its
possible demise.

The report, which Gov. George Ryan asked tollway Director Thomas
Cuculich to prepare last October, was due in early December. But its
complexity, along with the difficulty of nailing down an appointment
with the governor to present it, have resulted in repeated delays,
Cuculich said during a tollway board meeting Thursday.

"It's very close to being done . . . We're working with (Ryan's) staff
to find the appropriate time for me to meet with him," said Cuculich,
who estimates it will now be some time in February before the governor
sees the report.

Board Chairman Art Philip, who sat in on sessions with tollway
consultants advising Cuculich, played down any expectations that the
report will contain any "revelations."

"We're waiting for the shoe to drop . . . But we still owe $880 million
(in bond debt), and somebody has to solve that problem," he said.

The board met the day before a planned "penny protest" called for by an
anti-toll group based in Sugar Grove. "No Tolls" is encouraging
motorists to show their support for ending tolls by paying tolls with
pennies every Friday starting Jan. 28.

Tollway officials dismissed the protest as minor, saying the automated
coin machines can count 40 pennies in 11 seconds and if traffic backs up
in the manual lanes, collectors may just estimate the amount and move on
to the next customer.

"It will be more of an inconvenience to motorists than it will be for us
to count pennies," Cuculich said.

Word count: *364*

  unique_identifier
*MAN PAYS TRAFFIC FINE WITH 15,000 PENNIES*

March 27, 2003  --  3:45 pm PST
NewsWithViews.com

An Oregon man is so upset for being slapped with a $150 traffic fine for
crossing a fog line on the freeway, he is venting his anger toward the
government by paying his fine in pennies.

Ted Wegener, a Grants Pass resident, was ticketed last year for his car
crossing over the painted fog line on the I-5 freeway, a relatively
minor offense. The ticket carries a hefty $150 fine.

"Yes, I crossed over the fog line while making a cell call but corrected
my driving and there was no danger to anyone. He could have just given
me a warning. $150 fine for crossing over a painted line is an insult.
In fact, these excessive traffic fines are an insult to every working
person. It's no wonder that people are losing respect for government."
Replied Mr. Wegener.

Mr. Wegener says the whole traffic court system is corrupt.

"I tried to make a motion in court for a jury trial but when Judge
Ambrosini of Douglas County, OR found out what the motion was about he
wouldnít even let me make it. And if I want to appeal to a higher court,
they want to charge me a non-refundable $140 filing fee for a $150
traffic fine"

Mr. Wegener says the traffic court is really a revenue enhancer.

"What is happening is that the legislature is establishing excessive
fines to raise money. This is not about safe highways; this is about
taxation in the guise of traffic enforcement."

Mr. Wegener says people should be outraged about the excessive fines and
that there is something they can do about it.

"I can't appeal because of the high appeals fees. Writing my
'legislooters' won't help either, because they are the cause of the
problem in the first place. I have no choice but to pay the fine."

Mr. Wegener says he is going to mail the court the fine: in pennies.

"They donít think $150 is a lot of money, so I'm going to send it to
them in pennies. This is legal: pennies are legal tender. Maybe when
they are counting it they will realize itís a lot of money. "

Ted Wegener's E-Mail is tedw@internetcds.com <mailto:tedw@internetcds.com>

© 2003 - NewsWithViews.com - All Rights Reserved  unique_identifier
ÔªøBucks Free Press: Site Logo


  Man pays council tax in coins as protest

1:50pm Friday 6th June 2003

By Vince Soodin

A DISGRUNTLED council taxpayer paid his bill in bags of coins weighing
15lbs in protest at tax increases.

Peter Zeyss, 62, of Sycamore Dean, Chesham, took money bags full of
5p,10p, 50p and ¬£1 coins to demonstrate his anger at 15 per cent
increases in council tax bills.

Company director Mr Zeyss said: "We have had the increase last year and
this year of 15 per cent and it is not justified. This is well beyond
the rate of inflation.

"At the same time as these increases our services seemed to have been
reduced. That is what really annoys me and I just wanted to see what
kind of reaction it would stir."

Mr Zeyss said he changed his payment of ¬£210. 67 into coins before
visiting the payment centre at Chiltern District Council Offices in King
George V Road, Amersham, last Wednesday.

But he said he was surprised at how well the cashiers dealt with the
awkward payment.

Mr Zeyss said: "I was surprised how cool the cashier took my payment and
started to count the money. She called for help from another member of
staff and they managed to count the money in 35 minutes."

But Mr Zeyss believes his protest will only be noticed if more people
show their anger at increases in a similar manner and disrupt council
tax payments. Mr Zeyss says he is angry at what he believes is a lack of
transparency in how council tax money is spent and questions the
usefulness of councillors.

He said: "What is the point of voting for councillors if at the end of
the day they do not have sufficient power to challenge Government policies?"

Mr Zeyss' actions were applauded by Chris Mellor of the Council Tax
Action Group, which wants the tax abolished.

Mr Mellor said: "I think it is a wonderful gesture. He is making the
point and getting his message across. I think more people should pay by
coins to make a point. "More pressure needs to be put on councillors so
they start standing up for the people who elect them. They should start
taking on the Government.

"I think people power in the end will come through."

A spokesman for Chiltern District Council said another payment in coins
was also made on Tuesday evening and was dealt with "in a couple of
minutes" by a council employee as the payment centre was closed. The
spokesman added: "We are grateful to receive any outstanding payment of
council tax in anyway but we would obviously prefer that people set up a
direct debit or cheque payment.

"But we would never turn any payment away."  unique_identifier
Ôªø Penny awarded is a penny donated


    Small-claims victor to donate $33,500 in 1-cent coins to charity.


    Small-claims victor to donate $33,500 in 1-cent coins to charity.

April 11, 2007


HOWELL, Mich. (AP) -- A penny saved is a penny earned, but one man
believes 33,500 pennies won are best donated to a worthy cause. Bob
Wilson, of Livingston County's Howell Township, won a small-claims court
case last month over motorcycle repairs and received a judgment of $335.
Karl Stepen, owner of NSK Motorsports in Fowlerville, said he paid
Wilson in pennies to show his contempt for him and things he said in
court "just basically to make us look bad." "We paid him in legal U.S.
currency," Stepen told the Livingston County Daily Press & Argus for a
story Tuesday. Wilson said he will donate the pennies to the Oakland
Livingston Human Service Agency, which has helped him with heating
bills. "It's not worth my time to reroll those," he said. Wilson said he
bought a dirt bike for his 13-year-old son and took it to NSK in May to
get it running. He did not get the bike back until October, and he said
it stopped working almost immediately. He took the bike back to NSK and
it sat unfixed for a few more months. He picked it up and took it to
another shop, which charged him $900, he said. Wilson said he filed the
suit in small-claims court because it wasn't fixed the first time.
Stepen said he had the bike "for some time," but he's a one-man
operation with as many as 70 motorcycles waiting to be repaired. He said
he did everything he could to help Wilson with the 30-year-old bike and
offered to fix a second problem for free. Stepen said Wilson became
impatient and verbally abusive, and showed up with a police officer to
retrieve his bike.

  unique_identifier



  $174K Salaried Dem ‚ÄòSaving My Pennies‚Äô For Fine in Wage Inequality Protest

Rep. Gwen Moore (D-Wis.) tells FOX6
Milwaukee that she will be ‚Äúsaving my pennies‚Äù to pay her $691 dollar
disorderly conduct fine.

Moore was arrested in a Milwaukee protest Thursday involving fast food
workers who are demanding a minimum wage of $15 per hour.

‚ÄúI‚Äôll be saving my pennies to pay this $691 dollar fine,‚Äù Moore told
television reporters after her release. She is among 26 protestors
arrested after they refused to vacate the road they were blocking.

Moore, like many lawmakers, earns $174,000
a year for her work as a U.S. Representative.

Moore told WISN-TV that
she took part in the minimum wage rally, ‚Äúto really protest the
egregious inequality in our society.‚Äù

‚ÄúI wanted to speak out on that. As I indicated earlier, you know, I‚Äôve
put on my best suit, had my hair done, my nails done and used the King‚Äôs
English to debate this in Congress and no one is listening.‚Äù

‚ÄúWhat we see is a tremendous inequality based on an unfairness ‚Äìthat
gap‚Äì between what people at the top make and what low wage workers
make,‚Äù Moore said.



  unique_identifier
STPNS - Penny Protest, Merrimack, New Hampshire


August 03, 2007
Penny Protest

DOT has some concerns about Aug. 27 toll revolt
Penny Protest
The Town Council is asking residents to join a protest on Aug. 27 by
paying highway tolls in pennies on that day.
Andrew M. Virzi photo

By Mark Oullette
for Merrimack Journal 

MERRIMACK, New Hampshire (STPNS) -- With a month to prepare for
Merrimack?s Toll Revolt Day on Aug. 27, the Department of Transportation
is concerned about problems that could arise from residents paying with
pennies.

Bill Boynton, the DOT?s public information officer the past 12 years,
said this week that he?s never seen a protest like the one that is being
planned for late August.

?We normally get the kind of situation where people say they put the
right amount of money in, and the green light didn?t go off like it
should have and that sort of thing,? said Boynton, ?and, occasionally,
the exact change machines will jam. But I don?t think they?ve seen or
been asked to sustain this type of volume before.?



When Executive Councilor Deb Pignatelli broke the news to the Town
Council last Thursday that the Legislature had cut the Executive
Council?s power to give toll discounts, ?that was the straw that broke
the camel?s back,? said Town Council Chairman Dave McCray. Pignatelli
was attempting to give Merrimack residents two free EZPass passes for
those with transponders and also allow town-owned vehicles free access
to the F. E. Everett Turnpike for emergency calls.

When McCray got that news, he made a motion to proclaim Aug. 27 ?Toll
Revolt Day,? one where residents would pay tolls using pennies.
Councilor Tom Mahon was not present for the meeting, but the motion was
unanimously approved, 6-0.

And since July 26, McCray has been busy organizing ?a peaceful protest.?

?We hope it goes very smoothly,? said McCray. ?We?ve given them a
month?s notice so it isn?t like we?ve dropped it on them (the DOT).?

McCray said he plans to hold a penny drive at the Merrimack Transfer
Station on Aug. 25.

?Instead of having to go to the bank, people will be able to change in a
couple of dollars for what we are calling ?toll revolt kits?,? said
McCray. ?The toll revolt kits are going to have a couple baggies of
pennies in it, and there will be some very quick instructions like
reminding people to remove their EZPass transponders and about safety,
obeying all rules and to make sure everyone understands that this is
only meant to be a very peaceful and lawful protest.?

But Boynton sees potential problems.

? ?I would be a little concerned just for those people looking to get
from point A to point B in a reasonable amount of time, and either
aren?t aware of what is going on or aren?t necessarily in agreement with
it,? said Boynton. ?There is bound to be frustration.?

Boynton said the DOT?s Turnpike Department has held discussions about
the revolt.

?I think they have done a few tests since publicity has come out (about
the revolt) and the exact change machines do work when pennies are used,
but you are talking about a much longer process than paying with just
three quarters,? he said.

Boynton said pennies are legal tender, but ?it certainly would take a
while for each transaction to process, and so that in and of itself
could cause some problems even if the machines don?t jam,? said Boynton.
?I would think, in anticipation, that they would staff the tolls more
heavily that day.?

McCray, who received more than 100 e-mails ? the most he has ever
received on any issue in town ? said there are only a few ways the
protest could get ugly.

?We?re hoping to have no issues, and the only way I could see there
being a confrontation is if the state somehow does something like block
off the tolls or all of a sudden stop us from being able to use
pennies,? said McCray. ?If we are not allowed to use the baskets and
each person has to pay the toll collector, that?s when there could be
absolute chaos.?

McCray said the protest is to bring attention to the unfair toll
situation the town has been dealing with for decades, and not to stir up
trouble.

?One person I spoke with asked me, ?Why don?t you hold the rally at 5
p.m. when it gets busy?? and I told him, ?That?s not our goal here,??
said McCray. ?This country was founded on peaceful protest, and that?s
why I always refer to the Boston Tea Party.

?All we want to do is have people throw pennies in that day, and we?re
not saying don?t pay the tolls because that would be wrong and unlawful.?

As part of the protest, a motorcade rally has been scheduled for noon on
Aug. 27, where residents will leave from the parking lot at Abbie
Griffin Park, go through the three tolls and then loop back through,
said McCray.

According to McCray, Sen. Sheila Roberge and Merrimack state Rep.
Maureen Mooney have agreed to take part in the protest.

?Sen. Roberge said she would throw pennies, hold signs, whatever we
need,? said McCray. ?She?s all for the people of Merrimack, and it?s
great we?re getting full support from our state delegation.?

But Boynton still fears the potential traffic problems that could be
created during the rally.

?Any time you constrict the traffic flow through a toll facility, I
guess that raises our level of concern,? said Boynton.

In the event of severe traffic jams at the tolls, Boynton said DOT
Commissioner Chuck O?Leary would have the authority to allow the tolls
to be opened up, but that it is only used in extremely rare situations.

While Boynton understands the town?s frustrations over the tolls, he
isn?t so sure the penny protest is the most effective means of getting
the point across.

?Several Merrimack citizens have made their opinions known on this for
quite some time,? said Boynton. ?Ultimately, any change that takes place
is going to have to go through the Legislature because that is where the
policy is made and, really, that?s their best option.?

The alternative solution, however, may be to file a class action lawsuit
against the state, said Town Councilor Nancy Harrington last week.

?I feel like Claremont with education and how they sued the state,? said
Harrington. ?We need to get a consensus on this.?

McCray said a suit will be discussed at the Aug. 9 Town Council meeting.

?For 20 years, nothing has been done,? said McCray. ?A class action
lawsuit is not going to hurt. If the people in April 2008 (at the Town
Deliberative Session) decide to sue the state, then let?s rock. And if
they don?t, then we should all put our energies somewhere else and get
on with our lives.?

  unique_identifier
Ôªø Tax bill paid in nickels and dimes

    Fed-up resident of Delaware County stages own protest.

August 15, 2007

MUNCIE, Ind. (AP) -- Cary Malchow was so upset by his property tax bill
he decided to make a scene by paying it -- all $12,656.07 -- with bags
of change and $1 bills. Malchow lugged the cash-filled bags to the
Delaware County treasurer's office Monday and plunked them onto the
counter. His unorthodox payment stalled the line as cashiers labored to
count it by hand. "I did it so people can physically see what $12,000
is," said Malchow, who has staged other recent protests to draw
attention to Indiana's property tax increases. Malchow arrived at the
treasurer's office about 3:30 p.m., with the money covering the bill for
his Muncie home, business and rental properties. It took all three of
the office's cashiers 75 minutes to count out the cash. County Treasurer
Warren Beebe said cashiers had to work overtime to count the money,
guarded by sheriff's deputies. "They were fast, they were hustling.
They're used to counting money, but of course that left other people
standing in line. It was an awkward situation," Beebe said Tuesday.
Beebe said the tax protest also prevented his office from making its
daily deposit at a Muncie bank. That cost the county an estimated
$1,135.90 in interest that would have otherwise accrued overnight by
depositing the property tax payments collected Monday, he said. Property
taxes are a hot topic this summer in many Indiana communities. On
average, homeowners can expect a 24 percent increase in their property
taxes statewide this year, although many face bills that have spiked
higher. That's led to protests and complaints by residents who call the
increases too high. Malchow said that when people pay by check or by an
escrow account through a bank, they might not notice the amount of the
bill. "When you pay in cash, you have a tendency to feel that pain a
little more," he said. Malchow's protest payment came a few days after
state officials backed off Gov. Mitch Daniels' recent order for a
general property tax reassessment in Delaware County. Daniels had
ordered that all property be reassessed there and in Gibson, Marion and
Posey counties because of evidence that high percentages of commercial
and/or industrial properties were undervalued. State officials now
believe a primary reason that Delaware County's residential bills
increased significantly is because countywide spending went up 10.5
percent this year. Malchow plans to pay his fall property taxes
installment in a more conventional fashion. He said that lugging around
the heavy loads of coins and currency that he obtained from two Muncie
banks left him "out of breath."
  unique_identifier
Ôªø Tax protester pays $12,000 tax bill in change, $1 bills

Muncie - Cary Malchow of Muncie was upset by his property tax bill, but
he paid it. In change and one-dollar bills. All $12,656.07 of it.

Malchow lugged the cash-filled bags to the Delaware County treasurer's
office Monday and plunked them onto the counter. His unorthodox payment
stalled the line he had been waiting in as cashiers labored to count it
out by hand.

It took all three of the office's cashiers 75 minutes to count out the cash.

Malchow says he did it so people could see what $12,000 is.

The bill was for taxes on Malchow's Muncie home, his business and his
rental properties.

Malchow has staged other recent protests to draw attention to Indiana's
property tax increases.

The spring installment of Delware County property taxes were originally
due Monday. That due date has been pushed back to November 13, when the
fall installment is also due.

Delaware County was originally slated for a reassessment, but it was
decided last week  not
to reassess home values there. County officials were concerned that a
reassessment would result in even higher values.

  unique_identifier
ÔªøPenny protest produces minor disruptions in Merrimack NH

August 27, 2007
By Peter Samuel

Minor disruptions were produced yesterday in a toll protest in which
drivers were asked by local politicians to pay in pennies (one cent
pieces) in Merrimack New Hampshire. In the morning rush hour the protest
flopped.

Toll collectors and coin machines appeared to handle the penny payments
just fine, and traffic flowed through the toll plazas as usual.

Motorists with transponders were asked by the publicity-seeking town
councillors to take their E-ZPass transponders off the windshield and
load up with pennies to block the toll lanes. That didn't work either.
No one noticed a difference.

Unusual backups wanted for publicity failed to eventuate.

However at lunch time a council organized cavalcade drove slowly to the
ramp toll plaza and caused delays. Police booked two motorists for
obstruction for driving below 45mph on the Turnpike. One was town
council chair and an organizer of the disruption, David McCray. There
were also citations issued for stopping on the Turnpike in the absence
of an emergency and walking on the roadway.

The toll protesters waved posters and honked their horns.

NHDOT spokesman Bill Boynton said the protesters were "not adversarial"
to toll collectors, who rather enjoyed the break in their routine.

Merrimack politicians are moaning about people in Merrimack having to
pay tolls while people in Nashua to the south and Manchester to the
north have free ramps. That came about because a few years ago they had
no ramp and wanted one, and the deal reached was they'd get their ramp
with a toll. Now they've got their ramp they want to welch on the toll
part of the deal.

COMMENT: The obviously solution is for the Turnpike to close the ramp at
Merrimack with some Jersey barrier and see if the whiners like a return
to pre-toll conditions.

But seriously there is a problem with partial or "open" toll systems
like New Hampshire's in which toll points provide for some trips to be
tolled and others free within the same facility. The presence of
freeloaders nurtures a constant sense of grievance among those paying
the tolls. Miami-Dade, West Virginia Turnpike, Maryland's Kennedy
Highway, Delaware Turnpike and New Hampshire are all like this. Also
increasingly the Pennsylvania Turnpike. Everyone should pay when they
use a tollroad.

Bastard roads half toll and half free cannot long endure, as Abraham
Lincoln said in his famous 1858 "house divided" speech.

NOTE: an earlier report was based on the lack of any disruption during
the morning rush hour.  unique_identifier
Ôªø8/30/2007
Toll protest ends in ticket for city councilman in New Hampshire

Angry residents of Merrimack, NH, staged a slow-moving protest Monday,
Aug. 27, on the Everett Turnpike.

The townspeople said they‚Äôre upset that the only practical way in and
out of their town includes a 50-cent toll on every trip. So, on Monday,
the drivers of 142 vehicles made a seven-mile, low-speed loop on the
turnpike ‚Äì and then paid their tolls in pennies.

City Council Chairman David McCray told ‚ÄúLand Line Now‚Äù on XM Satellite
Radio that state transportation officials in Concord, NH, had approved
the protest ‚Äì but that he was ticketed anyway.

‚ÄúThe state knew we were doing this motorcade, and they knew we would be
within 35 to 40 mph because we were trying to keep people together,‚Äù
McCray said. ‚ÄúFrom the very beginning, the police were lined up. They
saw us go through the whole route. It was seven miles roundtrip. When I
pulled off the ramp, there were a total of seven cruisers and a police
helicopter waiting for me as I come off.‚Äù

McCray said his ticket was for going under the minimum speed of 45 mph
on the turnpike. Although he said he respects the job of law
enforcement, he believes that someone high up in command was ‚Äúletting me
know who‚Äôs boss.‚Äù

‚ÄúThey work hard and put their lives on the line everyday. I believe they
were given direction. That‚Äôs my opinion and we‚Äôre all entitled to our
opinion,‚Äù McCray said.

McCray said others in the protest convoy donated more than enough money
for him to pay the $57 ticket.

‚ÄúThey‚Äôve already paid it, and if I do pay it, I‚Äôll pay it in pennies.
That‚Äôs what I‚Äôm going to do on that,‚Äù McCray said.

McCray said New Hampshire Gov. John Lynch called immediately following
the protest to set up a Sept. 21 meeting to discuss the toll situation.

/‚Äì By Reed Black, staff writer/
/reed_black@landlinemag.com <mailto:reed_black@landlinemag.com>/

  unique_identifier
ÔªøPaying With Pennies Lands Middle Schoolers In Detention

By consumeristcarey March 2, 2008

29 Readington Middle School students earned two days detention after
paying for their lunch with pennies
School administrators took the penny treatment a sign of disrespect
towards cafeteria workers, who eventually collected 5,800 pennies.

    ‚ÄúAt first it started out as a joke, then everyone else started
    saying we‚Äôre protesting against like how short our lunch is,‚Äù
    student Alyssa Concannon said.

    Several lunch ladies who had to do the counting didn‚Äôt think it was
    funny, even though some of the students put the coins in rolls.
    They‚Äôre not authorized to put in their two cents but school
    officials say they felt disrespected and other students didn‚Äôt get
    to eat lunch.

    ‚ÄúThere are ways to express yourself that are not disruptive to other
    kids and disrespectful to staff,‚Äù said Readington Superintendent of
    Schools Dr. Jorden Schiff.

    Eighth grader Jenny Hunt said in hindsight, the prank may have been
    a bad idea.

    ‚ÄúMaybe we should have thought before we did it,‚Äù Hunt said.

Student Sarah Henschel added: ‚ÄúThere was no rule in the rulebook about
it. It was just unfair. It‚Äôs U.S. currency.‚Äù
  unique_identifier
ÔªøStudents get detention for paying with pennies

by *Sandy Maple *
Mar 2nd 2008 10:02AM


Some people collect pennies in jars, some use them to make art
and some people actually use them to pay for things. Unfortunately,
using pennies to pay for lunch at Readington Middle School in New Jersey
can get you in trouble.

It seems that 29 eighth-graders got together and decided to all pay for
their $2 lunches last Thursday with pennies. But when they all showed up
with pennies in hand, the lunch ladies were not amused. "When the lunch
ladies caught wind that we were all trying to pay in pennies, they were
very aggravated and thought they were disrespected," says student Amanda
Wolfenden.

Superintendent Dr. Jorden Schiff agrees that it was disrespectful to the
lunch aides and the other students. "I don't think it was their
intention to do much harm, but there's consequences for the behavior
when other kids are inconvenienced that way and couldn't get through the
lunch line," Schiff said. "Or the lunch ladies having to count thousands
of pennies." He gave all the students involved two-day detentions.

The students think the punishment is unfair and say that they were just
trying to make the point that the 30-minutes they are allowed for lunch
isn't long enough. "There's no rule in the rule book that states that
pennies can't be used to buy lunches," eighth-grader Sarah Henschel
said. "We never thought they would do this. We thought they would give
us a silent lunch or just yell at us."

Some parents also think a two-day detention for paying with pennies is
too harsh. What do you think?
  unique_identifier
ÔªøReadington kids won't get punished for their penny-pay protest

Claire Heininger/Statehouse Bureau By Claire
Heininger/Statehouse Bureau The Star-Ledger
on March 03, 2008 at 8:30 AM, updated March 03, 2008 at 2:26 PM
Frank H. Conlon/The Star-LedgerPatrick O'Donoghue, Andrew Garibaldi and
Chris Hranj (L-R), three of the students given detention for buying
lunch with pennies at Readington Middle School.

Three days after they were punished for using pennies to pay for school lunch, students at Readington Middle
School learned they would not have to serve two days of detention, so
long as their parents agreed.

Parents of the punished children received calls from administrators at
the Hunterdon County school Sunday informing them that the punishments
-- handed out after students, upset with the amount of time they receive
for their daily lunch period, protested by using the copper-plated coins
-- would not be enforced, unless parents specifically asked.

Some 29 seventh- and eighth-graders at the school banded together during
last Thursday's 30-minute lunch period and paid their $2.00 lunch price
with pennies. That amounted to 5,800 individual or 32 pounds of pennies.

Administrators called it a sign of disrespect to cafeteria personnel and
fellow students, and punished the "Readington 29" with two days of
detention. As of Friday afternoon, district Superintendent Jorden Schiff
said the in-school punishments would stand.

But Sunday night, Schiff, in an e-mail to parents said he was
"concerned" about the national media attention that the situation received.

"The school community has been through a difficult period, and we need
to move forward," he wrote. "We discussed how the incident has been
blown out of proportion and how it has affected our children and our
school community."

The whole thing, it seems, was a miscommunication.

"When the children were asked why they purchased their lunch with
pennies, they informed the administration that it was a prank," he
wrote. "If we had knowledge of a protest, we would have reinforced with
the students the importance of not being disrespectful and would have
begun discussions about the issue."

Some parents, however, called it bowing to pressure.

"It seems like they are trying to make this right because the community
is split," said Carolyn Evans, whose son Matt was one of the 29
punished. "It was an excessive punishment."

According to students and parents, even more of the middle-schoolers
were planning to join in, but were prevented by time constraints or fear
of repercussion. The detentions outraged many of the parents, who
flooded the district with angry phone calls and e-mails.

On Friday, in a sign of support, students brought their lunch from home
and did not participate in RMS' hot lunch program. That protest,
students said, could continue into this week.

Phone messages left with Schiff and Principal Catherine Hollinger were
not returned Sunday night.
  unique_identifier
ÔªøSchool district backs off after penny protest


    Students get pardon after paying for lunch with pennies


       
updated 3/3/2008 11:39:39 AM ET 2008-03-03T16:39:39



READINGTON TOWNSHIP, N.J.
 ‚Äî Twenty-nine New Jersey students punished with
two-day detentions after they used pennies to pay for their $2 lunches
are getting a pardon.

Readington, N.J., school Superintendent Jorden Schiff informed parents
in an e-mail Sunday that he has rescinded the after-school detentions.
They will only be restored if parents ask that their children serve them.

Officials say a group of middle school students upset by their shortened
lunch period paid for their meals with pennies Thursday. Schiff gave
them detentions for slowing down the lunch line and disrespecting
cafeteria workers.

In his e-mail, Schiff said the students described their actions as a
prank and that news reports inaccurately called it a protest.

Several parents had complained the punishment was too harsh, but though
some thought it too lenient.

Copyright 2008 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material
may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.

  unique_identifier
ÔªøSome parents prefer punishment for pupils paying in pennies

Barry Carter | The Star-Ledger
 By Barry Carter | The Star-Ledger The Star-Ledger
Email the author | Follow on Twitter 
on March 03, 2008 at 1:34 PM, updated March 03, 2008 at 2:45 PM

Eight students will serve detention for using pennies to pay for their
lunches at a Hunterdon County middle school, school officials said today.

Parents of five students at the Readington Middle School agreed their
children should serve two days of detention, and another three should
serve only one day, after the decision of going forward with the
punishment was left to them this weekend, said school Superintendent
Jorden Schiff.

The school had argued the original 29 students who used pennies
to pay for their $2 lunches on Thursday were playing a prank. However,
parents defended the students, saying the pennies were paid in protest
of a 30-minute lunch period, sparking national media attention.

The school backed off the punishment
three days after the news reports, leaving it up to parents if they
still wanted their children to serve detention. Schiff said the
attention had become a distraction that hurt the school and the children.

"We are concerned about the widespread focus and attention paid to this
event," Schiff and Principal Catherine Hollinger wrote in a letter
addressed to parents this morning, which beckoned all to "move forward."

Those parents who did not want detention for their children either spoke
to their children at home or were working with the administration on an
alternative that would replace the punishment, according to the letter.

A new program also is in the works to give children an outlet for
protest, Schiff said.


  unique_identifier



  $200 parking ticket paid in coins


A disgruntled resident of central Israel paid a NIS 845 ($215) parking
ticket in coins, after he said police failed to inform him that the
initial NIS 100 ($25) penalty had been raised.

In a video aired on Channel 2, Lioz Cohen of Rishon Lezion is shown
displaying the coins to a taken-aback collector.

‚ÄúI don‚Äôt know if I can accept it,‚Äù the police representative says.

‚ÄúYou can accept it, it‚Äôs cash,‚Äù the passive aggressive ticket-holder
replies.

Cohen told Channel 2 the piles of coins comprised primarily ten agorot
($0.03), half-shekel coins ($0.13), and shekel coins ($0.25).

‚ÄúIt‚Äôs the simplest thing in the world,‚Äù he says. ‚ÄúYou go break NIS 850
at the bank. At the bank they also get angry at you, but they make the
change, they have to.‚Äù


  unique_identifier
Students pardoned

March 04, 2008|By FROM NEWS SERVICES


Twenty-nine students punished with two-day detentions after they used
pennies to pay for their $2 lunches are getting a pardon. Officials say
a group of middle school students upset by their shortened lunch period
paid for their meals with pennies on Thursday. Readington, N.J., school
Superintendent Jorden Schiff gave them detentions for slowing down the
lunch line and disrespecting cafeteria workers.

  unique_identifier
 Seal
protesters' bail paid in coins | The Australian
Wayback Machine 

The Australian 
September 25, 2008 05:47pm AEST 

  Seal protesters' bail paid in coins

  
By Michelle Draper | /April 15, 2008/

*WHEN Canadian authorities set bail for two crew members arrested after
their anti-sealing vessel was seized, they probably didn't expect to be
buried under a mountain of coins.*

But one can only assume their surprise when the head of the Sea Shepherd
Conservation Society, Paul Watson, dumped a pile of Canadian coins
amounting to $10,582 to post bail.

Mr Watson said today he used 5000 Canadian $2 coins to pay for the
release of the Dutch captain of the /Farley Mowat /and its first officer.

The pair were charged and released on bail to face a Canadian court on
May 1.

Mr Watson said the payment amounted to "ransom, not bail" and that all
the other crew members who escaped charges had not had their property
returned.

"That's piracy," he said.

The /Farley Mowat /was trailing Canadian seal hunters off Canada's Nova
Scotia coast when authorities boarded it on Saturday.

The two men were charged with being in Canadian waters and interfering
with a seal hunt, a Melbourne-based Sea Shepherd spokesman Benjamin
Baldwin said yesterday.

The group said its ship was in international waters.

The Sea Shepherd organisation says 275,000 baby harp seals are "brutally
killed" each year.

Mr Watson became the face of the Sea Shepherd's recent protests in the
Southern Ocean to stop Japanese whaling.

Two Sea Shepherd protesters boarded the Japanese vessel /Nisshin Maru/,
sparking a diplomatic row between Australia and Japan to secure the
activists' release.

  unique_identifier
ÔªøPaying Your Verizon Bill With Cash? That'll Be $3.99 Extra

By consumeristcarey June 7, 2008

Employees at the Verizon store in Millington, Tennessee told reader Josh
it would cost an extra $3.99 to pay his bill with cash. According to the
employees, the charge was to offset the cost of ‚Äúnew money software.‚Äù

Josh writes:

    Just a few days ago, I took my bill to the Verizon wireless store in
    my hometown of Millington, TN. I had just cashed my paycheck and my
    bill was due, so I decided to pay it.
    My bill looks somewhat like this:

    Monthly Access Charges: 	$55.31
    Usage Charges
    Voice
    Data: 	$3.39
    Verizon Wireless‚Äô Surcharges‚Äôs and Other Charges & Credits 	$1.80
    Taxes, Government Surcharges & Fees 	$5.44
    Total Current Charges 	$66.54

    So, I assumed that I would need to pay $66.54, as stated on my bill.
    I entered the store and waited nicely for about 15 minutes while the
    salesman discussed the merits of a newer bluetooth headset with a
    gentleman.

    When I made it to the counter, I explained that I was just here to
    pay my bill. He brought up my information, told me how much my bill
    was, and I began to count out four twenties from my wallet. Before I
    handed the money over, he explained that there is a $3.99 charge for
    using cash. I held onto the money and pointed out that my bill was
    for $66.54. I also pointed out that I was paying in CASH and it is
    legal tender that Verizon is obligated to honor. The young man
    explained to me that the store had new money software. The fee to
    use cash was to pay for that software.

    If I had exact change, I would have given only the amount to cover
    the bill, but I only had twenties at the time. So I left with an
    unpaid bill. I absolutely refuse to be nickeled and dimed like that.

    So how do I pay Verizon in legal tender without paying for the
    privilege?

New money software? For what, the cash register?

Our guess is that a misguided Tennessee youth was trying to pocket $4.
Verizon always places high in our personal bracket for Worst Company in
America, but charging for the privilege of accepting cash is cartoonishly evil, and
slightly beyond Verizon‚Äôs capable and experienced reach.

  unique_identifier
 Man tries to pay fine with 5,000 pennies

 A penny doesn't buy much today. But one man hoped 5,000 pennies
        thrown into a box with packing peanuts could help pay his fine.
        Municipal Court officials said no.

*By Benjamin Duer *
    Washington Times-Reporter - Washington, IL
    By Benjamin Duer
    Posted Aug. 24, 2008 at 12:01 AM
  

    Massillon, Ohio
  A penny doesn't buy much today.

        But one man hoped 5,000 pennies thrown into a box with packing
        peanuts could help pay his fine.

        Municipal Court officials said no.

        Philip B. Simer, 27, of Massillon, said he spent $14.31 to mail
        first-class his penny payment to Municipal Court. That delivery
        arrived Friday.

        Simer tried to make a statement.

        "I'm tired ó not just me, but other people in Massillon ó of
        getting treated like crap by (the court)," he said.

        Earlier this month, Simer was found guilty of two traffic
        violations. He was ordered to pay $243 ó or $50 every two weeks
        ó in fines and court costs.

        His first $50 payment was due.

        That payment ó all in pennies ó arrived in a heavy, large brown
        box. A postal worker needed a dolly to deliver the package,
        addressed to Judge Edward J. Elum. But the package was refused.

        Elum said the court cannot accept payments, only the clerk of
        courts can.

        Deputy Clerk of Court Shane Jackson said his office would have
        rejected the payment, too, citing an appellate decision that
        allows them to reject coin-only payments.

        Court officials sent the package back.

        Simer said pennies are legal, so the court should accept them.
        He said he has no intention of paying the court in anything but
        pennies. 

        /The Repository /  unique_identifier
ÔªøMichael's: "It's Store Policy Not To Accept Change"

By consumeristcarey September 27, 2008

Hayden wanted to buy a $4 wood plaque for his mother as part of a
last-minute birthday gift, but Michael‚Äôs wouldn‚Äôt accept 16 quarters as
payment. ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs store policy not to accept change,‚Äù a cashier explained,
forcing an embarrassed Hayden to borrow a few bucks from his younger sister.

Hayden writes:

    I recently went to Michael‚Äôs in Hemet, California to make a last
    minute birthday present for my mother. I didn‚Äôt have money on me at
    the time and the bank was closed so I had to use 4 dollars in
    quarters to buy a wood plaque. When I went to check out, an older
    woman told me ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs story policy not to accept change.‚Äù

    Is it really legal for a store to not accept change? It‚Äôs still
    legal tender, and it‚Äôs not as if I was paying in pennies; it was
    quarters and I was counting them out for the cashier.

    I was in a hurry so I had to borrow money from my younger sister to
    buy it, which was pretty embarrassing.

    Michael‚Äôs is about 10 miles farther from my house than Joanne‚Äôs, but
    needless to say I‚Äôm not going back. At least Joanne‚Äôs accepts legal
    money.

It‚Äôs not like this in other countries. Watch here as a pair of Marines
try to shock an unsuspecting Japanese waitress by paying for their whole
meal with /nothing but change/:


It‚Äôs not an issue because it‚Äôs not unreasonable to ask employees to
count change.

  unique_identifier
Ôªø Store policy stops Michaels from taking quarters as payment

Josh Smith 
Sep 29th 2008 3:30PM
Updated Sep 30th 2008 7:46PM

Michaels, a craft store with over 900 locations in
the U.S. and Canada, or at least one of its stores has taken a unique
view on change. Recently the Michaels in Hernet California wouldn't let
Hayden, who was shopping for her mother's birthday present, pay for a $4
purchase in quarters. When she began counting out the 16 coins for the
cashier she was informed that it was store policy not to accept change
forcing Hayden to borrow the cash from her younger sister to ensure a
happy birthday for her mom. I've put in an email to Michaels to find out
if this ridiculous policy is in fact store policy or simply an employee
exercising poor customer service but I haven't heard back from them yet.
Even if such a policy exists, refusing to take 16 quarters for a
purchase is simply lazy; I can see the same cashier refusing to take 16
singles next week becasue countign them is too hard. Turning down this
small of a quantity of change would obviously violate the spirit of any
such policy. If like me you wondered how a store can refuse a government
issued coin, which is >Michaels, a craft store with over 900 locations
in the U.S. and Canada, has taken a rather unique view on change -- or
at least one store has. Recently the Michaels in Hemet, California
wouldn't let a youngster, who was shopping for her mother's birthday
present, pay for a $4 purchase in quarters.
When she began counting out the 16 coins for the cashier she was
informed that it was store policy not to accept change. This forced
Hayden to borrow from her younger sister in order to ensure a happy
birthday for her mom.

I've put in an email to Michaels to find out if this ridiculous policy
is in fact store policy, or simply an employee exercising poor customer
service, but I haven't heard back from them yet. Even if such a policy
exists, refusing to take 16 quarters for a purchase is simply lazy. I
can see the same cashier refusing to take 16 singles next week because
counting them would be too much of an inconvenience. Turning down this
small of a quantity of change would obviously violate the spirit of any
such policy if one exists.

If like me you wondered how a store can refuse a government issued coin,
which is "legal tender for all debts public and private" it's because
while these coins can be used to satisfy any debt, private businesses do
not have to accept them.
<http://www.ustreas.gov/education/faq/currency/legal-tender.html#q1> The
Coinage act of 1965 set this policy into place meaning that coins and
bills are a legal means of paying a creditor but allowing private
businesses to set rules on forms of payment on their own.

I can understand how at some point a store might say that they won't
take accept pennies for items over $20 since it can hold up all of the
other customers. Aside from any store policy it's downright rude to pay
for high ticket items only in change. I'm sure if you had asked me
whether stores should ban all coin purchases 8 years ago while I was
busy counting out $50 worth in my Kmart vest I would have agreed with
you but stores shouldn't be banning reasonable amounts of change.

I think business need to remember, money is money, no matter how small
and customer service is the most important of all. Taking change is
simply good business and when many retailers are suffering poor same
store sales; refusing to take cash of any kind is a surefire way to fail!



  unique_identifier
ÔªøSanta Cruz man, 74, tries to pay parking tickets with 30,000 pennies


By Jennifer Squires

Santa Cruz Sentinel

Posted:   10/16/2008 02:39:47 PM PDT
Updated:   10/16/2008 10:19:23 PM PDT

Robert Havens, 74, had a first recently at the Lee Street home he's
lived in for nearly a half-century.

He got parking tickets.

So he tried to pay them with 30,000 pennies.

Havens has several vehicles that don't all fit in his driveway. So he
parks his motor home, dump truck and flat bed on the quiet neighborhood
street off Emeline Avenue.

A city ordinance states vehicles parked on public streets must be moved
every 72 hours ‚Äî a rule to prevent people from storing or abandoning
their cars on streets ‚Äî and Havens said that's a dance he's gotten used
to. He said he moves his vehicles every time a city parking officer or
police community service officer marks his tires.

Havens had escaped parking problems until this fall, when he found three
tickets on three vehicles after spending a long weekend visiting his son
in Modesto. He racked up three $100 parking tickets. He plans to contest
the tickets, but the city requires people to pay their parking fines
before an appeal hearing is scheduled.

So in protest he tried to pay the fine in pennies Wednesday.

He went to four banks to exchange a portion of his Social Security check
for 30,000 pennies, which he delivered to the downtown parking office
Wednesday afternoon.

Havens anticipated a showdown: "I know they're going to have a fit ‚Äî for
sure," he said before rolling the 180 pounds of pennies the block and a
half from his car to the parking office on Locust Street.

After parking office supervisor Claudia Carlson told him coins weren't
an acceptable form of payment ‚Äî the office doesn't take loose change,
not just Havens' 30,000 pennies ‚Äî he reluctantly rolled the dolly of
buckets back to his car.

"Ha ha, I knew that was coming," Havens said.

But his real disappointment was the lack of resolution to the parking
problems in his neighborhood. When the pennies weren't accepted, he was
given until 5 p.m. Wednesday to pay the $300 fine and decided not to. By
not making the payment, Havens' hearing to appeal the tickets wasn't
scheduled. He's not sure what will happen next.

"I'm going to let it go to the next level, whatever that is," Havens
said, speculating that a warrant may be issued for his arrest. "I guess
I'll find out."

But Havens did make one decision Wednesday: to deposit the pennies in
his granddaughter's bank account.  unique_identifier
ÔªøMan pays property taxes with 400 pounds of coins

Josh Smith </writers/josh-smith/>
Dec 22nd 2008 11:00AM

Following the examples of upset individuals everywhere, Frank Alford of
New Albany is paying his property taxes in coins to protest the
skyrocketing property tax rates!

Rates in New Albany have increased almost 50% since 2006, and while
single home owners have received some relief thanks to recent
legislation, individuals who own multiple rental properties like Frank
have been left in the cold.

This isn't the first time Frank has used a small denomination to pay his
property tax bill -- which came to $21,000 this year! The county clerk
recognized Frank because he paid in singles last year. This year he
hauled in a trash can containing approximately 400 pounds of Susan B.
Anthony coins to pay his debt to the county, while carrying a sign that
read, "Property taxes gone wild."Unlike most of his other no non-cents
protesters, Frank Alford was lucky: the county had no problem accepting
his heavy duty payment; quickly summoning a sheriff deputy to escort the
payment to a bank for processing.

According to Frank, this won't be the last time he pays in coins. If
something isn't done to fix the out of control property tax situation,
he'll look into paying in, "quarters, dimes or pennies next year." That
said, he better avoid copper, since the county clerk noted that he can
turn down payments made in pennies.

This $21,000 property tax payment is the largest of all coin transaction
I've found in 2008. As I've previously lamented, paying in coins may
garner attention, but in all the years that people have been frustrating
clerks and secretaries with penny payments, they haven't once changed an
"unfair" rule. In fact paying in coins has already led to a warrant for
arrest, two days of detention and
many hours of wasted court time.

If there is one trend from 2008 that needs to go, this is it. Rather
than wasting time lugging rolls of pennies around, spend 2009 organizing
others to respectfully petition for change. Reach out to community
leaders and officials and help them explore ways to fix high property
taxes and police parking fines. If you're looking for more information
on how to start a change in your community, check out this excellent
guide on how to get involved in your local government.  unique_identifier
Planned penny protest gains momentum among businesses
 Wicked Local
    Writer
    Posted Jan. 26, 2009 @ 12:01 am
    Updated Jan 26, 2009 at 1:02 AM
    Posted Jan. 26, 2009 @ 12:01 am
    Updated Jan 26, 2009 at 1:02 AM

    Concord
  *
    Following the publication of an article
        in The Concord Journal on Concord Teacakes co-owner Judy Fersch,
        describing their penny boycott starting on Lincolnís 200th
        birthday, many more West Concord merchants have followed suit.
        In each case, all transactions will be ìrounded downî so that
        pennies will not be needed in change. Customers who insist on
        paying with pennies will be asked to throw them into a charity
        jar, though a charity which is willing to accept piles of
        pennies has yet to be located, a search which turns out to be
        harder than it would appear.

        For actual payment, though, pennies will no longer be considered
        legal tender by most of these merchants.

        ìBeing right across from the train station, we have long lines
        before trains leave and pennies make it worse,î said Fersch.
        ìFurther, there is a lot of lugging them from the bank, dropping
        them, not being able to reconcile register receipts and so on.
        Plus, mining zinc is an environmental nightmare, and it costs
        the government more to make pennies than they are worth.
        Finally, they have minted thousands for every man, woman and
        child. Where do they all go? If they were truly worth anything
        they wouldnít end up in coffee cans, vacuum cleaners or sofas.
        It is simply a tax, which raises no revenue.î

        Concord is also the birthplace of civil disobedience, where
        Henry David Thoreau went to jail for refusing to pay poll taxes
        to support the Mexican War.

        ìThe jail is right down the street so we can be there in no
        time.î jokes Fersch.

        Susan Cataldo, of Maximum Image by Sue, is equally adamant.

        ìWhen I run low on them [pennies], I usually have to reach in my
        wallet for a few,î she said. ìSince I rarely have to deal with
        them, anyway, they are currently covered in the cash drawer with
        raffle tickets.î

        Bill Griffin, Of Sally Anneís Bakery in Concord Center, said he
        would like to have his register reprogrammed to round all prices
        including tax, to avoid handling pennies.

        ìUntil that happens, I still have to handle these worthless
        coins,î he said. ìLetís start a revolution right here in Concord
        to get rid of them altogether.î

        Many of the participating stores say they already often round
        down in change because pennies are so annoying, and are happy to
        refuse to accept them in payment.

        ìThis doesnít change what we do, no pun intended, except that
        refusing them means one less annoyance,î said Paula Silva of
        Millbrook Farms. But by drawing attention to it, Silva said,
        businesses are trying to make the point that pennies are a
        constant reminder of ìgovernment waste and itís time to get rid
        of them. There are so many better things that the government can
        do with the money it spends on pennies, so many problems which
        need to be solved.î

        Page 2 of 3 - Regular West Concord shopper and Concord resident
        Christal Bjork reflects the sentiment of most other customers
        when she said, ìTheyíre wasteful and it would be much easier not
        to have them. I think this is a great idea.î

        This act of civil disobedience was conceived by www.ThinkOOB.com
       , the Think-Out-of-the-Box Web site
        which bills itself as ìAmericaís Marketplace of Ideas,î as a way
        to draw attention to its idea for phasing out pennies, as well
        as to its other ideas and to its million-dollar prize for the
        first idea originated on the ThinkOOB site to become law.

        ìWeíve figured out that all you need is a very simple executive
        order signed by the president saying ëEstablishments which agree
        to round down cash purchases may refuse to handle pennies,íî
        said Al Lewis. ìThis one-signature approach does not require an
        act of Congress, which the zinc mining companies have always
        blocked in the past. Obama said he is reviewing the cost-benefit
        of all government activities. This should be number one on his
        list.î

        As part of the Lincolnís birthday protest, Lewis intends to
        throw pennies on the ground in front of a policeman, and get
        cited for littering.

        ìI want to prove that the government makes businesses accept
        litter as legal tender,î he said. ìThen I want to go to jail and
        post my bond in pennies. The court will have to accept them and
        roll them all up. Our goal can be summed up in one Reaganesque
        sentence: Tear down this mint, Mr. Obama.î

        Americaís growing anti-penny sentiment was inspired by Professor
        Robert Whaples, chairman of the Economics Department at Wake
        Forest University. He has written in USA Today and elsewhere on
        the topic and is considered the father of the anti-penny
        movement to his admirers. To his enemies in the zinc lobby,
        however, he is considered the pennyís John Wilkes Booth. He
        said, ìEven though a sparkling newly-minted penny brings back
        the innocence and joy of childhood, the penny is a tarnished
        relic. It wastes natural resources like zinc and energy, but
        worse ó it wastes our precious time. Letís honor Abraham Lincoln
        on his 200th birthday and stop linking his noble name to a
        useless, wasteful coin.î

        Harvard economics professor Greg Mankiw has also blogged on the
        topic. He coined the term ìPenny-Anti Protestî in support of the
        West Concord merchants.

        Among the other West Concord businesses to join the Penny-Anti
        Protest are Concord Outfitters, Reflections, Phillips Fine
        Paint, West Concord Supermarket, West Concord Liquors, Walden
        Italian Kitchen, Twin Seafood and The Barber Shop. Others are
        considering it.

        Early this week, the protest began to spread to Concord Center
        as well, with Andersonís, Sally Anneís, The Concord Flower Shop,
        and Country Kitchen also on board.

        Page 3 of 3 - ìThis is where Concordís second revolution starts
        and ultimately the site should be commemorated with a statue of
        Lincoln, who himself would approve of our emancipation from the
        tyranny of the zinc lobby,î said Lewis. ìSince this is Concord,
        Iíd like to see an Emersonian quatrain inscribed on the statue
        as follows:

        ìTo the rude lobbyists who corrupted our good/Congressmen to
        support their zinc/here the embattled merchants stood/and said:
        ìWe think your pennies stink.î

  unique_identifier
Ôªø
Man Paid Electric Bill with
Duffle Bags of Pennies


  Man Paid Electric Bill with Duffle Bags of Pennies
  


Alex Santoso  Monday, March 16,
2009 at 2:41 AM 

John Almany David Crigger was surprised to find that his electric bill
jumped to $350, so he decided to get even with his utility company:

    /That many pennies weighs about 170 pounds, so the two men worked to
    carry the duffle bags into BVU's Lee Highway office./

    /"We pulled into BVU about 2 (p.m.) and took the bags of unrolled
    pennies to the pay counter," Almany said. "To make my case better, I
    noticed a man just paid cash right before me. I laid my bill on the
    counter and told the lady, 'Here is my bill and I'm here to pay
    every penny of it.'"/

    /After about 20 seconds of silence, Almany then explained what that
    meant./

    /"She seemed shocked and told me, 'We can't take that.' She said
    we'd have to wrap that up and repeated they couldn't accept it. I
    asked her if she was refusing my payment and she said she wasn't,"
    Almany said. "They said they didn't have the manpower to count all
    those pennies and I said as much as BVU is billing its customers,
    they ought to have all the manpower they need." /  unique_identifier



  2,500 pennies: Is it legal to pay a bill in pennies?


A man in Vernal, Utah, has been charged with
disorderly conduct after attempting to pay a disputed medical bill with
2,500 pennies, police say.

According to a story that appeared Friday in The Deseret News, Jason
West went to Vernal's Basin Clinic to dispute a
$25 doctor's bill. If the clinic remained unconvinced, Mr. West came
with a Plan B, which involved almost 14 lbs. of pennies.

Apparently, the argument didn't go his way. According to Vernal police,
West asked if the clinic accepted cash, and then dumped the 2,500
pennies on the counter, demanding that they count it. ‚ÄúThe pennies were
strewn about the counter and the floor,‚Äù said the assistant police chief.

It's likely that the disorderly conduct charge had more to do with the
dumping and strewing of the pennies and less to do with the currency
itself. But the incident does raise a legitimate question: Are
businesses required to take your pennies? A penny is, after all, legal
tender. Doesn't that mean they are good everywhere?


Here's what the law says: The Coinage Act of
1965, specifically Section 31 U.S.C. 5103
, states: "United States
coins and currency (including Federal
reserve notes and circulating notes of Federal reserve banks and
national banks) are legal tender for all debts, public charges, taxes,
and dues. Foreign gold or silver coins are not legal tender for debts."

All this means is that the US Federal Reserve
 system must honor all US currency. As
the US Treasury points out,
there's nothing in the law that says that private businesses have to
accept it for all transactions. If a merchant wants to sell her products
in exchange for gold bullion, nothing but dimes minted before 1946,
Swedish fish, or Monopoly money, that's her right under the law.

The absence of such a law is how bus lines can legally refuse to accept
your dollar </tags/topic/U.S.+Dollar> bills, gas station clerks can turn
their noses up at your $100s, and panhandlers near the Monitor's
newsroom can yell at you after you drop a Sacagawea
dollar coin in their cup, even though you were
just trying to be nice.

In any case, West faces a fine of up to $140. If he's convicted, he's
best advised to write a check.


  unique_identifier
ÔªøWashington man streams his anger -- but still must pay traffic ticket


Aimee Green | agreen@oregonian.com
 By Aimee Green |
agreen@oregonian.com
 The OregonianEmail the author | Follow on Twitter <http://www.twitter.com/o_aimee>
on March 24, 2009 at 7:58 PM, updated March 25, 2009 at 6:49 AM

No one likes a speeding ticket.

But 47-year-old Michael Harold Lynch, of Bellevue, Wash., apparently
took his anger to a new level when he emptied $206 in small change into
a plastic bag, soaking it in urine and mailing it to the payments
division of the Multnomah County courthouse. Mailroom staff handed over
the box -- and the angry letter that accompanied it -- to a sheriff's
sergeant.

"It was nasty. It reeked," said Sgt. Phil Anderchuk.

Anderchuk called a U.S. postal inspector to see if federal law had been
broken, and learned that it's not against the law to mail a box of
bodily fluids, as long as it's properly packed and doesn't emit an
obnoxious odor. (Court staff could only smell the contents once they
opened the package).

So the sergeant sealed up the box and mailed it back to Lynch -- with
$27.30 postage due if Lynch wanted his change back.

Lynch had been ticketed by Portland police Officer Chris Cass last
October for driving 19 mph over the posted 35 mph speed limit in a
construction zone along Southeast McLoughlin Boulevard near the Ross
Island Bridge. Lynch apparently ignored the ticket and missed a court
date in which he could have shown up to fight the ticket or argued his
case to the judge in a letter. He racked up an extra $65 in fees.

Then, the box showed up.

In explaining why the courthouse couldn't accept Lynch's payment, the
sergeant wrote that "the pile of coins emitted a strong, pungent odor of
stale urine. This was very concerning to me."

Anderchuk reminded Lynch he still owed for the ticket.

"I encourage you to submit your payment in a more traditional form," he
wrote in a January letter. He told Lynch to expect a visit from a postal
inspector, presumably to talk about how close he came to violating
federal law.

Lynch apparently got the message, because a few weeks later a check
arrived. But it was made out to the wrong agency. Courthouse staff sent
it back. In February, a new check arrived, but this time it was made out
for the wrong amount: $206, which didn't account for $65 in penalties
for arriving late. Last week, the state turned Lynch's case over to a
collection agency.

The Oregonian could not reach Lynch for comment.

But Lynch clearly has lost his fight.

Which goes to show, one court manager says, that there are better ways
to express one's distaste for a speeding ticket. Such as writing a
letter to the judge, since showing up in court would have involved a
175-mile drive for Lynch, said Eric Hall, who oversees the mailroom
where ticketed drivers send their payments. Hall said receiving letters
-- or even checks -- laced with obscenities is "a common daily occurence."

Other drivers, who come in person, occasionally try to pay their fines
with jars full of change. But that is time consuming for staff and
forces longer waits for other ticket payers, so Hall's office limits the
form of payment to no more than 25 pennies, nickels, dimes, quarters and
half dollars.

"People do get really worked up," Hall said.

But, said Hall, a box full of coins and urine is a first in his years on
the job.

  unique_identifier
ÔªøNo, You Should Not Pay Your $206 Speeding Ticket With Urine-Soaked Coins

By consumeristcarey March 29, 2009

47-year-old Washington resident Michael Lynch tried and failed to pay a
$206 speeding ticket with a plastic bag filled with coins and urine.
Surprisingly, his special payment for doing 54 mph in a 35 mph
construction zone didn‚Äôt violate any laws‚Ä¶

    ‚ÄúIt was nasty. It reeked,‚Äù said Sgt. Phil Anderchuk.

    Anderchuk called a U.S. postal inspector to see if federal law had
    been broken, and learned that it‚Äôs not against the law to mail a box
    of bodily fluids, as long as it‚Äôs properly packed and doesn‚Äôt emit
    an obnoxious odor. (Court staff could only smell the contents once
    they opened the package).

    So the sergeant sealed up the box and mailed it back to Lynch ‚Äî with
    $27.30 postage due if Lynch wanted his change back.

The Multnomah County courthouse mailroom supervisor says that
obscenity-laced payments are ‚Äúa common daily occurrence,‚Äù and the office
refuses to accept more than $20 worth of coins.

Lynch tried to pay the fine with a standard check, but he addressed it
to the wrong agency. He tried again, but made it out for the wrong
amount. His ticket is now with a collections agency, which might be more
accepting of urine-soaked payments.

Washington man streams his anger ‚Äî but still must pay traffic ticket

  unique_identifier
Ôªø Pirate Bay fine: Like paying with pennies, but better

 Posted by Grant Hamilton on 11 May 2009

When the Pirate Bay founders were slapped with a 30 million kroner fine
(1 Swedish kroner is like 15 cents Canadian) they first vowed not to
pay. Now, though, they may be going one better:

Pirate Bay founder Gottfrid Svartholm noted that he was directed to pay
his fine to a specific law firm. Then someone told him that the bank
account he was directed to deposit it to only allows 1,000 free
transactions. Transactions after that each cost the law firm 2 Swedish
kroner.

Svartholm is now asking his Internet supporters to make micro-payments ‚Äî
of about 1 SEK each ‚Äî to that bank account. But instead of being a
credit, the transaction fee means that the firm will actually be losing out.

BlogPirate calls it a DDo$ attack  unique_identifier
ÔªøNew York - Staten Islanders to Protest Verrazano Bridge Toll Increase
  BY Paying 1,000 Pennies


*Published on:* May 14, 2009 10:52 PM
*By:*  Staten Island Advance

New York - Protesters will take to the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge Monday
at noon, for a slow drive across the span and the symbolic paying of the
$10 cash toll with 1,000 pennies.

Organizing the effort is artist ‚ÄúCitizen Scott‚Äù LoBaido, who said he‚Äôs
doing it because Staten Islanders need to vent after years of increasing
toll costs.

Between the economy and the fare and toll hike to take effect later this
spring and summer, ‚Äúwe‚Äôre down to our pennies,‚Äù LoBaido said.

He will lead the procession over the bridge‚Äôs upper level Monday from
behind the wheel of his red, white and blue truck, followed by three
cars behind him forming a perfect line across the lanes.
Advance file photoArtist Scott LoBaido will lead the protest.

When the protesters reach the toll plaza, they will slowly hand over
their pennies, which toll collectors do not accept as a rule, but ‚Äúit is
legal tender,‚Äù LoBaido said.

Thankfully for the toll takers, LoBaido gave up on an earlier idea to
pay the toll with bags of cow manure, to symbolize that the toll hike is
‚ÄúB.S.‚Äù


‚ÄúIf you don‚Äôt have 1,000 pennies, bring as many as you can and pay the
rest in dimes and nickels,‚Äù he said.

The protest is a ‚Äúpatriotic‚Äù and peaceful way for Staten Islanders to
express their anger over paying such high toll rates, he said. ‚ÄúStaten
Island has needed to vent for a very long time.‚Äù

LoBaido said it‚Äôs too soon to say how many people will participate, but
anyone interested in joining the cause should meet with their vehicle at
the South Beach Zone 2 parking lot on Capodanno Boulevard at 10:45 a.m.
sharp on Monday. From there, the caravan will drive across the bridge
into Brooklyn, then loop around and ride back to Staten Island across
the Island-bound upper level‚Äîwhere they‚Äôll approach the toll plaza.

The Verrazano cash toll will rise to $11 and the E-ZPass toll will rise
to $9.14 when the MTA‚Äôs toll hike goes into effect July 12. The
discounted E-ZPass toll for Staten Island residents will rise to $5.48.

  unique_identifier
ÔªøStaten Islanders to Tie Up Verrazano Bridge with Pennies on Monday

By Roy Edroso  Thu., May 14 2009 at 5:43 PM


Hey, you can have your Tea Parties
-- Staten Island's having a Penny Protest! As few outside the forgotten
borough noticed, the recent Albany MTA bill added a dollar to the
Verrazano Bridge's $9 toll
So local "self taught artist" Scott LoBaido
 proposes that at noon on Monday,
drivers protest the hike by paying their $10 toll in increments of one
cent
-- 1,000 pennies each. This deliberate slowdown of traffic will surely
win the attention of those fancy-pantses in Albany. LoBaido wants
protesters to meet him at the South Beach Zone 2 parking lot on
Capodanno Boulevard at 10:45 a.m. And lest you think this is lone-wacko
stuff, Staten Island assemblyman Lou Tobacco approves the protest
He says it will "send a strong message to Albany that Staten Islanders
are tired of being treated like an ATM." What could possibly go wrong?
"I hope they all remember to take their EZ Passes out of their cars,"
says a Staten Island Advance commenter. "Otherwise: FAIL."
  unique_identifier
ÔªøStaten Island penny-protest planned on Verrazano-Narrows Bridge


Staten Island Advance
 By Staten Island
Advance  Staten
Island Advance
on May 18, 2009 at 10:04 AM, updated May 18, 2009 at 4:14 PM
Advance file photoMotorists can expect long lines at the toll booths at
the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge today when Staten Islanders protest the
high tolls.

The Verrazano-Narrows Bridge will be the stage for a noon protest where
Staten Islanders will gather for a slow drive across the span and the
symbolic paying of the $10 cash toll with 1,000 pennies.

"Citizen Scott" LoBaido, the artist organizing the effort, says he's
doing it because Staten Islanders need to vent after years of increasing
toll costs.

Between the economy and the fare and toll hike to take effect later this
spring and summer, "we're down to our pennies," LoBaido said

LoBaido will lead the procession over the bridge's upper level from
behind the wheel of his red, white and blue truck, followed by three
cars behind him forming a perfect line across the lanes.

When the protesters reach the toll plaza, they will slowly hand over
their pennies, which is legal tender.

LoBaido has said Islanders who want to join can pay with as many pennies
as they can and the rest in dimes and nickels if they don't have 1,000
pennies.

Advance file photoArtist Scott LoBaido will lead the protest.

The protest is a "patriotic" and peaceful way for Staten Islanders to
express their anger over paying such high toll rates, he said.

Anyone interested in joining the cause should meet with their vehicle at
the South Beach Zone 2 parking lot on Capodanno Boulevard at 10:45 a.m.
sharp. From there, the caravan will drive across the bridge into
Brooklyn, then loop around and ride back to Staten Island across the
Island-bound upper level -- where they'll approach the toll plaza.

The Verrazano cash toll will rise to $11 and the E-ZPass toll will rise
to $9.14 when the MTA's toll hike goes into effect July 12. The
discounted E-ZPass toll for Staten Island residents will rise to $5.48.

/-Reported by Maura Yates/


  unique_identifier
ÔªøSI ROAD RAGE OVER HIKE TAKES A TOLL ‚Äì IN PENNIES

By Austin Fenner 
May 19, 2009 | 7:16am

Count this!

More than two dozen Staten Islanders expressed their anger yesterday
over yet another looming hike in the Verrazano Bridge toll ‚Äî by paying
their $10 in pennies.

‚ÄúI want the politicians to understand we are frustrated already,‚Äù said
Amy Lisojo, 30, who said she raided piggy banks to come up with her
1,000 pennies.

The proposed $1 boost would make it $11 to cross from Brooklyn to Staten
Island ‚Äî and comes a little more than a year after the toll was raised
from $9.

‚ÄúEleven dollars to cross the bridge? What are they, nuts? People are
working themselves to death,‚Äù said Marie Rizzo, 59, who took part in the
penny caravan of at least 30 cars.

Karen Torrone, 41, scooped her pennies out of a plastic bag and handed
them to a toll taker, who rebagged them without counting. Asked whether
the payment was legit, the toll taker said, ‚ÄúYou can pay with anything.
It‚Äôs money.‚Äù

Scott LoBaido, 40, led the motorcade. At the lower-level midspan, he got
on his 1989 Chevy Suburban‚Äôs roof and yelled, ‚ÄúCome on! Honk your horns!‚Äù

The protest was on, with cops watching closely. Traffic was disrupted
for 20 minutes.

‚ÄúYou can‚Äôt mess with Staten Island. We are going to make a fuss,‚Äù said
Genevieve Grecco. ‚ÄúWe are human beings, not bank accounts you can
constantly draw from.‚Äù

  unique_identifier
Ôªø Man pays for 150,000-yuan car in 700 kg of coins


            (China Daily)
            Updated: 2010-01-08 16:22

		

It took more than 100 employees of a showroom four hours to count 700 kg
of coins a customer paid to buy a car in Luohe, Henan province, last week.


The customer, surnamed Li, who runs a restaurant, hired a van to
transport the coins, contained in 20 huge plastic bags, to the car
showroom.

The car Li bought was worth 150,000 yuan ($21,968), all of which he paid
in coins.  unique_identifier
Ôªø Student Fights to Pay Ticket With Pennies


    Kansas student works for the right to pay a parking ticket however
    he wants.

By Jeff Greer April 21, 2010 | 4:13 p.m. EDT
There's a fantastic story in
the /Daily Kansan/ today. Back in March, a University of Kansas student
named John Ready wanted to pay his parking ticket. It was only $10.
Ready showed up at the school's Parking and Transit Office with 1,000
pennies. Needless to say, the office turned Ready away‚Äîpolicy didn't
allow tickets to be paid off using coins. 

So, Ready did his research. He spent the next two weeks reading websites
and books trying to find any answers as to whether or not there was a
legal precedent for the office's policy. There wasn't. After a chain of
E-mails with the Parking and Transit Office's director later, Ready was
finally allowed to pay his ticket in pennies. 

Ready's persistence and research broke down a policy that the school no
longer follows. Everyone can now pay their ticket with coins. 

"Legal precedent has been set; they let me do it," Ready tells the
/Daily Kansan/. "Now they have to let everyone else do it." 

Now /that/ is sticking it to the man. 

  unique_identifier
Ôªø Trustee pays bills with pennies, Mexican coins

May 18, 2010

Updated Aug. 21, 2013 1:17 p.m.

BY ANNIE BURRIS / THE ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER

John Briscoe taped coins, including a coin from Mexico, to
his bill. Briscoe is a Ocean View School District trustee. ANNIE BURRIS,
THE ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER

HUNTINGTON BEACH ‚Äì A school board member's recent payment of copier fees
with pennies and coins from Mexico irked the superintendent of a
neighboring district so much that he made a report to trustees calling
the tactics "juvenile."

Superintendent Van Riley told Huntington Beach Union High School
District trustees that John Briscoe, a school board member from the
Ocean View School District, paid a $2.40 copier fee with an envelope
full of pennies and another $2.70 fee with coins taped to a page,
including tender from Mexico.

"I reported to the board that Briscoe was continuing to make ridiculous
requests for information and to waste our valuable staff time," Riley
said. "He apparently believes he can pay our legitimate bills with coin
taped to a paper."

Briscoe, who has had a number of disputes with officials at his own
district in recent years, said he paid in coins as a way to protest two
$86 bills the district gave him for researching information about
teacher salaries. He said he did not intentionally tape coins from
Mexico on the piece of paper and he would repay with American tender.

"The pennies were really a protest for having to pay for him to get
information that he should know any way," Briscoe said. "I had no idea I
would attract his ire and attention at a board-meeting level."

Last week's run-in with Riley comes about two weeks after Ocean View
school board members made a presentation calling an editorial by Briscoe
in the Huntington Beach Independent false and misleading.

Briscoe has continually butted heads with Ocean View officials,
including a recent controversy over his efforts to control who can read
Maya Angelou's autobiography, "I
Know Why the Caged Bird Sings" at schools.

Briscoe said he's been able to get the information about teacher's
salaries free from other districts. He said he was charged at the high
school district because they had to do further research for his request.

The first bill was due August 10, 2009 which Briscoe paid April 12 with
the envelope of pennies. An overdue notice was sent April 13 to Briscoe,
asking for a $2.70 late fee. Briscoe paid the late fee April 19 with the
coins taped to the bill.

"What a shame for an elected public official to act in such a manner,"
Riley said. "Nearly everyone we deal with is sensitive to our district's
and other districts' funding crunch, yet Briscoe continues to purposely
waste taxpayer money by his junior high-level behavior."

  unique_identifier



  2,500 Pennies Doctor's Bill Payment in Utah Leaves Man With Ticket



A Utah man was cited with disorderly conduct for paying his doctor's
bill with 2,500 pennies. A 38-year-old man tried to dispute a $25 charge
at the Basin Clinic in Vernal, Utah late last month.

Jason West wasn't happy that he had been stuck with a $25 charge he didn't
think he owed. According to police, he then asked if the office accepted
cash. When he got an answer of yes, he proceeded to dump 2,500 pennies
on the counter. Imagine the scene, thousands of pennies going all over
the place. It's not that hard to see that West was cited in the event.
Plus, the poor cashier probably had nothing to do with the charge.

According to police chief Keith Campbell, "The pennies were strewn about
the counter and the floor." What a mess! Have you ever been at the
doctor's office when something like this happened? It would've been
awkward for other patients no doubt.

The staff at the clinic called police after the deluge of 2,500 pennies.
At that point, West fled the scene. Eventually police caught up with him
and gave him a disorderly conduct citation, which could carry a $140 fine.

In the future, it is probably okay to pay a $25 bill with 2,500 pennies,
but you can't just dump them out everywhere. If you're planning to pay a
bill this way, at least be respectful. Sure, it is a way to protest
something, but there's no need to rain pennies down on the staff.


  unique_identifier
ÔªøTom Emmer doused with 2,000 pennies by protester [VIDEO]

By Hart Van Denburg  Thu., Jul. 15 2010 at
7:45 AM
 Robert Erickson startled Republican candidate for governor Tom Emmer at the end of a
crowded and combative forum yesterday, dumping a 2,000-penny tip on him
to protest Emmer's stance of server pay and immigration. It was a
theatric end to an already dramatic confrontation between the GOP
candidate and restaurant servers. (Video after the jump.)

The restaurant workers were incensed by what they see as his threats
to lower their wages. Emmer scheduled the confrontation at Ol' Mexico in
Roseville to try and convince them he isn't the bad guy
he claims he's being portrayed as by the news media.

(Team Emmer already seems to know it's a losing issue, but
Emmer keeps banging away at it 

The irresistible-to-TV-news-cameras penny attack ended with
Erickson being hauled outside while Emmer tried to regain his composure with some humor.

"I played hockey for a number of years, and that actually got me to jump
a little bit," Emmer said.

Here's the video, via The Uptake:

  unique_identifier



  2,500 Pennies Used to Pay for Doctor Bill: Report

A Utah man was charged with disorderly conduct for trying to pay a $25
doctor bill with 2,500 pennies, a local news report said on Monday.

Jason West, 38, of Vernal, Utah, disputed the bill and felt that he did
not have to pay it and therefore angrily brought 2,500 pennies to the
doctor‚Äôs office, causing alarm among staff members there, reported The
Deseret News.

‚ÄúAfter asking if they accepted cash, West dumped 2,500 pennies onto the
counter and demanded that they count it,‚Äù Assistant Vernal Police Chief
Keith Campbell told the newspaper. ‚ÄúThe pennies were strewn about the
counter and the floor.‚Äù

Campbell noted that West‚Äôs actions had ‚Äúno legitimate purpose,‚Äù
according to the newspaper. Police later gave him a citation for
disorderly conduct.


  unique_identifier


Denys Barrow Tells Trevor Vernon "Pay Up!"

About an hour or so before news time, a Supreme Court bailiff was at
Trevor Vernon's house in Burrell Boom marking his belongings to be
confiscated because he didn't pay the entire sum owed to attorney Denys
Barrow. Viewers may remember that Barrow successfully defended Edmond
Castro against Vernon accusation that Castro violated the Cabinet code
of ethics for those well-known Belize Airport Authority cheques. Vernon
lost, and had to pay the five thousand dollar cost of Castro's attorney
Denys Barrow by yesterday. 

As we showed you yesterday, Vernon showed up to pay half of the cost in
coins. When those money bags stuffed with coins were all counted up, he
had paid $2,489.50 ñ ten dollars and fifty cents short of half of what
was due.

Well, as was his right because of the short of payment, Denys Barrow
applied to the court and got a writ of execution granted against Vernon.
The bailiff executed the writ this evening, and went to Vernon's house
and started a valuation process on his belongings to ensure that the
debt owed can somehow be collected if Vernon is unable to pay the rest
of the money.

He has 5 days to come up with the other half of the money, plus the
fees attributed to the writ of execution, to a total amount of
$2,710.50, and if he doesn't, the court will auction off Vernon's
properties to recoup the debt.

Now, the case of Attorney Rodwell Williams is different.  Arthur
Saldivar paid him two thousand dollars in coins as well. Well, we should
say tried to pay, because Williams confirmed to us today that he told
his office staff not to accept the payment.  The reason?  Well, Williams
told us that there is a little known Central Bank Statute which states
that a debt in excess of fifty dollars cannot be paid with coins.
Williams also said that he would not have accepted the two thousand
dollars which Saldivar tried to pay, because it was not the $9,500
dollars that the court ordered. 


Williams says that he is preparing a writ of execution ñ because even
if Saldivar intends to appeal the order of the court, it is not a stay
of execution.  He also noted that Saldivar can no longer appeal the
judgment because the required 21 days has passed.  So now, all he can
appeal is the amount the court requires him to pay. 



  unique_identifier



  29 N.J. Students Punished After Using Pennies To Pay For Lunch


Sometimes a penny for your thoughts isn't
a good thing.

Readington Township school officials gave 29 students detention after
they used pennies to pay for their $2 lunches.

Superintendent Jorden Schiff said it started out as a prank. But as the
eighth-graders began to get in trouble for taking up so much time, it
turned into a protest about Thursday's shortened lunch period.
sponsor

Schiff said the students were punished for holding up their peers and
disrespecting lunch aides.

Schiff said some parents think a two-day detention went too far and
others think it wasn't enough.

The school, which is located in Hunterdon County, said it wants students
to know they can express themselves without disrupting other people.


  unique_identifier



  33,000-penny property tax payment refused


A businessman who tried to pay a property tax
bill with 33,000 pennies got turned down by a county treasurer in
Washington state, who said she didn't have the staff to count them.

Ron Spears told the Ellensburg Daily Record he rolled buckets of the
coins into the Kittitas County treasurer's office Tuesday to protest the
fines he incurred by failing to pay a $34 bill that was due in April.

Spears owns Spears Interiors in Cle Elum and also serves on the city
council. He says his business is struggling and he didn't have the money
at the time.

When Treasurer Deanna Panattoni refused to accept the pennies, Spears
agreed to pay the $330 bill in a more conventional manner.



  unique_identifier
