ByAimee PicchiMoneyWatch
February 4, 2015, 12:03 PM


  Want to annoy the taxman? Try this

For Wichita Falls, Texas, resident Timothy Andrew Norris, a trip to the
clink started with some folded $1 bills.

Norris, 27, was arrested after he tried to pay his $600 property tax
bill with tightly folded $1 bills. While it's unclear exactly what types
of folds he used, the bills were so tightly folded that the affidavit
said it "required tax office personnel approximately six minutes to
unfold each bill." That's a lot of man power -- 60 hours -- simply to
get the bills straightened out, and the county tax assessor wasn't amused.

Norris wasn't taken in for his unusual method of paying his taxes, it's
worth noting. According to the Wichita Falls Times Record News
he was arrested for disrupting the operation and efficiency of the tax
office after county tax assessor collector Tommy Smyth asked Norris to
leave. Norris refused, which led to a tussle between the two. Norris
ended up with an additional charge of resisting arrest, according to the
paper.

For his efforts, Norris ended up with bail set at $500.

Smyth didn't immediately return a request for comment. It's not clear
why Norris decided to pay with tightly folded bills, but it could be
that he viewed it as a form of protest against paying taxes.

Federal law lets people pay taxes in coins and currency, although paying
with quarters or pennies might not exactly enhance your popularity with
tax officials. And other people have used physical currency to make a
point about paying taxes.

One Pennsylvania man, Rob Fernandes, last year paid his $7,143 in
property taxes with $1 bills and coins, hauling in a satchel of the
currency to his local tax office. Fernandes told the Philadelphia
Inquirer that he decided to pay with $1 bills because he believed school
taxes were "stolen" from him given that his family homeschools its children.

"We homeschool our kids, so we don't even use the public school system,
yet I'm being forced to pay all this money into a public school system
that I don't use, don't want, don't need. And I don't think that's
really either fair, just or even ethical," Fernandes said.


  unique_identifier
﻿ Online toll protest gains thousands of supporters

Kathy Sundstrom | 13th Feb 2015 8:03 AM

UNDER FIRE: Electronic toll collection may be simple but many drivers
are complaining it’s not foolproof, and have signed an online protest
against go via. UNDER FIRE: Electronic toll collection may be simple but
many drivers are complaining it’s not foolproof, and have signed an
online protest against go via. LISA MARTIN AAP

AN ONLINE petition to protest road toll company go via's "unexplainable
fees and charges" has gained thousands of supporters in days, many from
the Sunshine Coast.

The Change.org petition started by the Gold Coast's Ebony Weekes six
days ago already has more than 18,200 supporters.

Ms Weekes' story of how she racked up fines totalling more than $2000
obviously struck a chord with road users.

She had bought a new car and took the transponder tag out of her old car
and put it in the new one.

She moved houses and went to Queensland Transport to update her address
and then started receiving bills from go via, SPER and the government.

"Each bill had a photo of my car and a bill of $219 for a $1.61 toll.
They claim it was toll evasion," she said.

Her attempts to deal with go via were unsuccessful and has now
discovered many others in the same boat.

Mike Smith from Aroona signed the petition and said it was "outright
theft".

Maxine Duthie from Twin Waters also agreed it was "disgusting".

In response to questions from the Daily, a go via spokeswoman said they
took customer complaints seriously.

"While we are aware of the customer petition, we cannot discuss an
individual customer's toll payment management publicly."

She said if the toll invoice was not in place it escalated to the
government's SPER process and "at this stage, all monies owing is to the
government, not go via".

"We believe that we have a fair and reasonable process in place to
manage customer inquiries and complaints. We encourage any customers who
believe they have been unfairly charged for tolls to contact us
immediately," she said.

"If a customer is still dissatisfied with the outcome, they can contact
the independent Tolling Customer Ombudsman at tollingombudsman.com.au or
1800 145 009.

"To date the Ombudsman has not reported any adverse findings against go
via."

The only man who appears to have any success with go via and tolls is
former Noosa councillor, Bob Jarvis.

Mr Jarvis made headlines across the world last year after not having
paid a toll in three years because he was claiming his constitutional
right to pay in coins.

It appears his one-man campaign has been successful as he said yesterday
he hadn't had a letter from go via for eight months.



    Do you think there should be a crackdown on unfair toll fines?
  unique_identifier
﻿Strathearn Hotel - Paid in pennies and now left in the dark

The Strathearn Hotel in Kirkcaldy closed its doors to the public last week.


        The Strathearn Hotel in Kirkcaldy closed its doors to the public
        last week.



        Maggie Millar


          maggie.millar@jpress.co.uk 

09:00 Thursday 28 May 2015


      *

      Former staff at a defunct Kirkcaldy hotel had to beg for wages -
      and then suffer the humiliation of being paid in pennies.

      *

Leaseholders Tina Syme and Stephen Stewart bailed out of the Strathearn
Hotel in Wishart Place last weekend amid claims of crippling debt.


    After the way they’ve treated us I don’t feel sorry for them anymore

    Former Strathearn chef

Shocked staff were given just a few hours’ notice of the closure, but
head chef Michael Cummins told the Press he suspected the pair had been
planning the move for weeks.

The father-of-four, who is owed £4000, said: “I started working at the
hotel in December on a salaried contract but it got to the stage where I
had to ask for wages - they would pay £70 a week to my bank and any
loose change available. The most I was ever paid in a week was £100.”

Tina Syme and Stephen Stewart took over the Strathearn Hotel in April
last year, inheriting a team of around 10 staff.

Over the course of a year that number dwindled to just four.

Sources say the hotel stopped paying wages properly last September.

One former employee said a colleague who threatened to report his bosses
to the Inland Revenue was deliberately paid £250 in copper coins.

One source said: “There was always an excuse. At Christmas they [Tina
and Stephen] said they had spent too much money on the kids’ Christmas
presents.”

“Staff threatened to strike. Those with children got paid in £1 and £2
coins.”

However, staff report that they were struggling to deal with brisk trade.

A former chef handed in her notice after being forced to work from 7.00
a.m. until 9.00 p.m. without a break for 17 days in a row.

She said: “And then I’d not be getting paid for it.

“I was having to borrow money from my parents!

“They would never speak to us; just sit in their office all the time and
eat their profits.

“To a certain degree I felt sorry for them but after the way they’ve
treated us I don’t feel sorry for them any more.”

According to another source, matters came to a head last weekend when
the barman discovered no float in the tills and phoned Bruce Taverns to
report a suspected moonlight flit.

He said: “The pair came back on the Sunday afternoon and told staff they
were closing and it was goodbye Vienna.

“A girl on Sunday paid a deposit for her wedding half an hour before
they beetled off!”

*Customers “gutted” after showdown with bosses*

Hotel bosses who were last seen doing a “runner” from the Strathearn
were forced into a showdown with angry customers.

Lochore couple Sabrina Roberts and Kevin Mercer, who learned via
Facebook that their wedding had been cancelled, said the meeting on
Friday left them feeling “gutted”.

Tina Syme and Stephen Stewart were in attendance but, according to Mr
Mercer, it appeared owners Bruce Taverns had forced them to show up.

He said: “It was obvious they didn’t want to be there.

“Tina was sitting there in tears but you could see it was fake.

“She said she had been left with nowhere to stay but she had turned up
to the meeting in a brand new Land Rover.

“It’s beyond a joke - I was so angry.”

Neither Bruce Taverns nor the leaseholders have elected to issue a
statement to the Press.

However, Mr Mercer said he knew two couples due to have their wedding at
the Strathearn within three weeks had been given a refund.

He and Sabrina - as parents of six children - had struggled to save the
cash for their October date.

The meeting was not as favourable for them.

“We, and another couple who paid £2000 for a wedding in September, have
been told we might get something back next month,” Mr Mercer explained.

“But I can’t see it - all trust is gone.”

He added: “The leaseholders tried to blame Bruce Taverns for the hotel
closing without notice.

“But Bruce Taverns said the leaseholders were in so much debt, they were
left with no choice but to close it down.”


	
  unique_identifier
﻿University student protests parking fines with 11,000 pennies

By Lauriel Cleveland, CNN

Updated 6:57 PM ET, Fri July 10, 2015

Stephen Coyle used 60 pounds of pennies to pay off his parking fines in
a protest.



Story highlights

  * After receiving two parking fines, a University of North
    Carolina-Charlotte student paid his fine in 11,000 pennies
  * It took three hours and 40 minutes for parking services workers to
    count the pennies 

(CNN)When Stephen Coyle received two parking tickets on the University
of North Carolina-Charlotte's campus, he jokingly told parking officials
that he would pay them back in pennies.

It proved to be no joke. On July 2, Coyle filled three buckets with 60
pounds of pennies and took them to the school's Parking Services office
to pay a total of $110 in parking fines.

The penny payoff was born when Coyle, 26, and a group of friends did
research on parking fine allocations and came across the school's
parking services website .

"According to North Carolina law, the University is only allowed to
retain 20% of the money collected from parking citations. The remaining
80% must be remitted to the state to support local public schools
(elementary, middle and high schools)," according to the website.

The mathematics and actuarial science major serves in leadership roles
for two campus organizations and was disappointed in this information.

"The funding isn't there for students," he said. "Why are we investing
in other schools when we're in just as much need on our campus? The
money from the student body should go into the student body. I feel like
it's the community and the taxpayers jobs to put money into our local
schools."

Coyle's first parking ticket was on May 27 for parking without a visible
pass. It was $80. The second offense came just weeks later on June 16:
permit not registered to vehicle. That added another $30.

Student Stephen Coyle started a protest on his campus by paying a fine
using 11,000 pennies.


Although he was hesitant to pay off his fines in pennies, Coyle told CNN
he realized it would be the only stunt that would get attention.

"I called my bank and asked them if they had a sufficient amount of
pennies. They thought I was joking," he said. He drove to several banks
and amassed five boxes of pennies, more than enough to cover the $110
fee. Off to the Parking Services office he went.

"The manager was clearly agitated, but everyone else was well-receiving."

He said that for three hours and 40 minutes, he watched two people count
11,00 pennies and the fine was paid off.

Workers in the school's Parking Services office declined to talk with
CNN on Friday, and a call to the school's public relations office was
not immediately returned.

Coyle spent $125 on five boxes of pennies.


Coyle is hoping to gain enough attention from his university to have the
state statute overturned so that money can go back into resources for
the student body.

He told CNN that another student approached him to report he was in the
process of going to banks to collect enough pennies to pay off a $300
ticket after hearing about the protest of where the money from fines is
going.



  unique_identifier
﻿Parking fine can't be paid with pennies, town says, but dimes are OK

PennLive staff and wire reports
By PennLive
staff and wire reports
 The Patriot-News
on August 13, 2015 at 10:08 AM, updated August 13, 2015 at 10:19 AM


CHAMBERSBURG, Pa. — A Pennsylvania borough incorrectly put the brakes on
a disgruntled handyman's attempt at paying his $25 parking fine with 50
rolls of pennies, its manager says.

Chambersburg
rejects Justin Greene's pennies as payment for a parking ticket.
AP/Public Opinion, Chambersburg 

Chambersburg officials told Justin Greene his passive-aggressive payment
of 2,500 pennies wasn't allowed under a federal rule designating the
copper coins as small change — not tender for debts greater than 25 cents.

Greene tells Wednesday's Chambersburg Public Opinion
he tried paying with pennies because the $25
ticket seemed high for the violation: parking on the wrong side of the
street for 10 minutes.

The borough's finance director says Greene could have paid in quarters
and dimes instead — just not pennies.

However, Borough Manager Jeffrey Stonehill sent newspapers a letter
Wednesday saying that the finance director was incorrect and that
pennies can be accepted as payment.

However, Stonehill wrote, "I do not support this citizen's protest. He
is quoted in the newspaper admitting to illegally parking the wrong way
on a street. Finally, tormenting a borough cashier, rather than pleading
not guilty to the offense in a court of law, which is his right, is not
an appropriate protest, in my opinion."

Greene tells the newspaper he still hasn't paid the fine. He says he's
still trying to think of another way to inconvenience the borough.

/This story has been updated with Stonehill's comments./


  unique_identifier
﻿Paying with pennies

*By William R. Toler*

A Winston-Salem activist paid his vehicle tax bill last week…in
pennies.pennies 300x239 Paying with pennies

Clyde Freeman walked into the Forsyth County tax office with a box full
of pennies, clad in a t-shirt that read “Taxation is Theft” and a camera
in-tow…manned by Cop Block founder Ademo Freeman.
Employees tried to tell him he couldn’t record, but he insisted on his
right to record public officals in a public building.

It took more than a dozen tax office employees 40 minutes to count the
$117.22…that’s 11, 722 copper coins.

Freeman got the idea from Ian Freeman, a fellow activist in New
Hampshire, who once paid a property tax bill in all one dollar federal
reserve notes.

He said he considers property and vehicle taxes (as well as other taxes)
as a form of extortion from the government.

Freeman is the founder of Carolinas Cop Block and Never Take A Plea. He orignially used the surname
Voluntaryist to identify himself with that philosophy. “Also, people
would ask me what it meant and that was an opportunity to educate,” he
said. He recently adopted Freeman, which “obviously stands for ‘free
man’ and is commonly used: Ian Freeman, Ademo, etc.”
  unique_identifier
﻿Pennies Not Accepted

dek Comstock Select / Corbis

In response to the copper coin's declining value, some stores have
stopped accepting it as a form of payment. In 2007, a New York City man
was so incensed when a Chinese restaurant refused to let him pay for his
dinner with 10 pennies (along with other cash) that he persuaded a state
senator to draft a bill requiring pennies to be accepted everywhere and
at all times. (The bill was not passed.) And in 2009, a number of
Concord, Mass., shopkeepers banded together to protest pennies — on
Lincoln's 200th birthday, no less.

While federal law states that coins are legal tender, it does not compel
anyone to accept them. If a business doesn't want to take pennies — or a
$100 bill, for that matter — it has a legal right to refuse them. So why
does the government keep the penny around? The answer is simple: sales
tax. Sales tax raises the price of an item to an uneven amount,
requiring pennies to be given in change. Retailers need pennies to
return to customers, banks need pennies to give to the retailers, and
the Fed needs pennies to give to the bank. All so you can drop one on
the sidewalk on your way out.

Read TIME's 1998 cover story on the future of money.
<http://www.time.com/time/covers/0,16641,19980427,00.html>

  unique_identifier



  A man walks into a bank... and pays off his mortgage with 62,000 pennies


Making it count: Thomas Daigle paid off the last installment of his
mortgage with one cent coins

Some people say they are redundant coins but one Massachusetts man
proved that a penny can still go a long way - if you have enough of
them, that is.

Thomas Daigle, of Milford, paid off the last installment of his mortgage
with one cent coins, fulfilling a promise he made when he bought the
house he and his wife Sandra bought in 1977.

He phoned ahead to warn staff at Milford Federal Savings and Loan
Association, telling them he would be dropping off about 62,000 pennies
weighing 800 pounds for his final payment.

The bank was '100 per cent for it,' he told The Milford Daily News,
adding that he just wanted to make his last payment on April 24 'memorable'.

'It was something I wanted to do,' he said. 'I always follow through. I
was just praying I didn’t die first.'

Daigle started saving his pennies when he moved into the home, gathering
an average of 2.5 per day.

On bad-weather days he would sort them into rolls of 50 and store them
in steel military rocket launcher ammo boxes.

Long time coming: The penny-payment full filled a promise Daigle made
when he bought the house he and his wife Sandra bought in 1977

The optician says his wife of 35 years laughed whenever he would pick up
a penny he found on the ground and say it was going to the mortgage.

Daigle said he is just glad to have the coins out of his house. He still
picks up stray pennies off the street but now takes them to coin sorting
machines instead.

'I’m too old to pick up those boxes of pennies,' he said, adding that he
has replaced his hobby with creating a garden in the backyard.

Moneybags: On bad-weather days Daigle would sort the pennies into rolls
of 50 and store them in steel military rocket launcher ammo boxes


 
		
	
 
 
	
		

  unique_identifier



  A Protest Over Pennies Small Change Leads To A Big School Ruckus

In this small town near Bethlehem, a school district
and one of its most popular teachers have come to odds over muffins and
a few cents.

The teacher, Dale Schneck, is off the job without pay, and 36 students
were suspended for three days last week for protesting his fate.

Posters bearing pennies line the high school halls, and thousands of
flyers supporting Schneck have been handed out in town. Students are
wearing copper-colored ribbons, even to their prom, held Friday night.

The controversy resembles a broken roll of coins, scattering to the
floor in every direction. And for Schneck, 56, who teaches journalism at
Saucon Valley High School, the coin has turned into a symbol - ``A penny
for my job.''

It began when a reporter for the student newspaper, the Panther Press,
told Schneck that the cafeteria was cheating students out of their
change for 99-cent low-fat TastyKake muffins - flavors ranging from
blueberry to chocolate chip. When students paid $1, they would not
receive their one cent back.

Although the cafeteria was only selling about six muffins a week, a
penny here and a penny there added up to a bad policy, Schneck and
students said. One student even paid pennies for a $1.50 lunch, to
protest. So, one day last month, Schneck confronted a cashier while he
was passing through the lunch line.

He said he was told: ``We don't do pennies.'' The cafeteria workers had
developed the plan in reaction to students' tossing the coins on the
floor or simply refusing to take them as change.

Schneck said he advised the cashier that it was only appropriate to give
change, no matter how insignificant, back to a customer. He then thought
the story was over, until he was accused by the cashier of yelling at
her. He denies having raised his voice.

The allegation forced Saucon Valley High School principal Curtis R.
Dietrich to arrange a meeting. Schneck gave his terms, which included
having two student reporters present. Dietrich said he refused to
comply, as district policy is to not give students information on
employee disputes. In response, Schneck walked out.

More meetings with the principal and Saucon Valley District
Superintendent Ralph Tarola were scheduled. Again, Schneck wanted
student reporters to attend. Since they could not, he did not.

In a memo sent on April 24 to Schneck, Tarola warned him about the
consequences of refusing to attend a meeting scheduled for that day. If
Schneck skipped out, he would be ``suspended without pay pending a
hearing before the Saucon Valley school board.''

And that's what happened. Schneck was ordered not to show up for school,
starting that Monday. The school board has yet to schedule a hearing,
said the district solicitor, Donald F. Spry 2d.

``I don't know if he yelled at anybody. He never gave me the opportunity
to find out,'' said Tarola.

Schneck, who has taught in the district for 11 years, disobeyed an
``official directive. . . . In the private sector, he would have been
history,'' Tarola said.

About 200 students protested with a walkout Monday morning. Some wore
T-shirts with ``A Penny for Your Job'' and ``In Schneck We Trust''
written on them. One used a bullhorn to lead chants supporting Schneck.

About half went to the auditorium, and the other half left the building.
Of those who headed out, 36 would not come back in and were suspended.

Katy Baker, an 18-year-old senior and an editor of the Panther Press,
organized the walkout. She and the other suspended students spent their
time off handing out 2,500 flyers in support of Schneck. They also are
wearing the copper-colored ribbons - with pennies attached.

``I understand how the school would be angry that Schneck would not go
to the meeting, but I'm really sick and tired how they give us a false
feeling that we're heard,'' Baker said. ``We want the public to know
that we might be losing one of the finest teachers in the district.''

Administrators said they had been unaware of the cafeteria's penny
policy, which was started by the cashiers in January. Dietrich and
Tarola stopped it when the controversy began.

The muffins, their price prestamped, are the only items on sale in the
cafeteria for 99 cents. Dietrich calculated that with about six muffins
sold each week, 60 cents in extra pennies had been collected by the
cashiers since January. The money had stayed in the cafeteria fund. Now
a penny cup sits at the two cafeteria cash registers.

Dietrich gave students who felt they had been unjustly cheated out of
their change until Thursday to seek restitution. The students were asked
to go to the principal's office to explain that they had bought a muffin
with a dollar and had left without receiving a penny in change.

No one took Dietrich up on his offer.

Schneck maintains that the controversy stands for student rights and
democracy. School officials don't buy that. Tarola said Schneck ``has a
bigger issue in mind . . . to meet his own needs,'' but said he did not
know what that issue was.

Schneck, who has hired an attorney, acknowledges that he was considering
retirement before this happened and knows now that it may come sooner
than planned.

For him, the beleaguered penny, the target of federal budget-cutters who
recommend its extinction, has taken on new meaning.

``I don't throw pennies away,'' he said, ``and I hope they never do away
with the penny.''

  unique_identifier



  Activists Raising Cash To Pay Protesters' Fines -- 5 'Qapiks' At A Time

Activists in Azerbaijan have launched a campaign aimed at collecting
money to support protesters who have been fined hundreds of dollars
under a new law on mass gatherings.

The Baku-based Youth Movement, which is behind the initiative, plans to
deliver the money to the authorities in the form of five-qapik coins
(100 qapiks equal 1 manat).

Twenty-one men were fined on January 14 for participating in a Baku
demonstration two days earlier to raise awareness about the deaths of
army conscripts.

They now have to pay fines ranging from $380 to $760 (300 to 600 manats).

The average salary in Azerbaijan is about $400 per month.

Their lawyer, Esabeli Mustafayev, told RFE/RL’s Azerbaijani Service that
his clients are not able to pay such fines.

"We will appeal the court's decision in all courts, including the
European Court of Human Rights," he said. "These people are not able to
pay off the fines. In order for the law to make sense, these fines
should be replaced by public works or administrative arrests."

On their *Facebook page, activists
from the Youth Movement are giving details about their campaign dubbed
"Fines in Five Qapiks."

The activists plan to pay the fines -- which total $13,400 -- with
five-qapik coins in the case that the protesters lose their appeal and
the sanctions are confirmed.

Under the slogan "I am ready to give 5 qapiks; this trial's price is 5
qapiks!” all those willing to contribute are invited to bring coins or
banknotes to the organization's Baku office.

The activists said they had collected some $150 by the afternoon of
January 15.

*Death Of A Conscript*

The 21 men were the first in Azerbaijan to be penalized under a law on
mass gatherings that took effect on January 1.

The new legislation increased fines for taking part in or organizing
unsanctioned rallies up to 30-fold, with a maximum penalty of $3,800.

The 21 were among hundreds of people who demonstrated on Fountains
Square in the center of Baku on January 12.

The crowd called for the resignation of Defense Minister Safar Abiyev
over what they say is a widespread problem of hazing and bullying within
the country's armed forces.

The demonstration was organized online by Youth Movement members and
other activists after the *sudden death last week of conscript Ceyhun
Qubadov.

The army initially said Qubadov died of a heart attack, but authorities
later launched an investigation after his relatives published photos of
his body that appeared to show evidence of violence.

Activists have also been collecting signatures for an online petition
addressed to President Ilham Aliyev, urging him to address the situation
faced by army conscripts.


            

  unique_identifier



  Adriana's Insurance Pays $21,000 Settlement To Andres Carrasco In Coins

Adrianas Insurance, a Southern California insurance company, has
settled a lawsuit, paying Andres Carrasco, 76, $21,000 in loose coins.

Adriana's Insurance Settles Lawsuit $21,000 In Coins

Carrasco filed a lawsuit against Adrianas Insurance in 2012 claiming he
was physically assaulted by an employee. After reaching a settlement in
June, a team of lawyers from Adrianas Insurance reportedly dropped off
16 buckets full of coins to Carrascos lawyer, Antonio Gallo
</name/nm0303004/>. The buckets were full of quarters, nickels, dimes
and pennies, and Gallo estimates it will take him and his team a week to
count.

In an interview with CBS local news, Carrasco, who is reportedly
recovering from a hernia operation, appears at a complete loss, saying
simply, Its too heavy.

Adrianas Insurance, is this the way you treat everyone? Why dont you
like your clients? I am disappointed by the way Adrianas treats their
customers and the elderly. 



  unique_identifier



  Adriana's Insurance Pays Out $21,000 Settlement In Coins — To A Guy
  Who Can't Lift Them



Everyone knows what it’s like for an insurance company to get under your
skin. But 73-year-old Andres Carrasco now has a story that beats them
all: After agreeing to a settlement after an employee allegedly
physically assaulted him, Adriana’s Insurance paid Carrasco over $20,000
in coins,
in seemingly an effort to be as difficult as possible. It isn’t sitting
well with him, or, for that matter, basically anybody who hears about
the story — I mean, /really/? Buckets and buckets full of change? 

Carrasco filed his lawsuit against Adriana’s Insurance back in 2012.
While details of the suit haven’t been widely reported, and likely won’t
be known due to the settlement, this much seems clear: The folks at
Adriana’s weren’t happy about it. This is laid especially bare by the
fact that they didn’t cash out Carrasco’s entire settlement in coin form
— they actually gave him a check at the same time, presumably making up
the rest of the money. The $21,000 sum in coins would seem, therefore,
to have been a deliberate decision — is it /that/ hard to write a new
check for the full amount?

According to NBC News, this harms Carrasco to a considerable extent. The
coins were reportedly delivered to his attorney’s office by eight
Adriana’s employees, which makes sense — $21,000 in loose change has to
be quite a heavy lift. 

So heavy, in fact, that Carrasco can’t even lift them, having recently
been treated for a hernia, and being of an advanced age, and it doesn’t
even make sense why he has to deal with all this, /what the hell?/

If it’s becoming obvious how much this distresses me, rest assured, it’s
nothing compared to how Carrasco must be feeling. In a statement from
Tuesday, he had the following to say:

    Adriana’s Insurance, is this the way you treat everyone? Why don’t
    you like your clients? I am disappointed by the way Adriana’s treats
    their customers and the elderly. We might be poor, but we are people
    too.

The public relations nightmare for Adriana’s,
which anyone with a scrap of common sense could’ve seen coming, is now
underway. As the /Atlanta Journal-Constitution /observed, their Yelp
page has been inundated with negative reviews citing
Carrasco’s story, including one claiming to be from his nephew.


With this story sweeping through social media, it feels like a foregone
conclusion that Adriana’s will have to apologize for this, or at least
address the situation publicly. So far, though, they’ve done neither.
Maybe it’s time to get some damage control experts on staff?


  unique_identifier



  Adding insult to injury: Insurance company delivered a $21,000
  settlement to elderly man who claimed he was assaulted by one of the
  company's employees in BUCKETS of loose change

  * Adriana's Insurance Service, Inc. gave Andres Carrasco, 73, over
    $21,000 in coins as part of a settlement
  * An employee assaulted Carrasco, the elderly man claimed in a 2012
    lawsuit
  * Carrasco is not strong enough to lift the buckets and was treated
    for a hernia, his lawyer said
  * Since the story broke, Yelp users have flooded the insurance
    company's page with one-star reviews


A California insurance company paid a senior citizen in coins as part of
a settlement.

Adriana's Insurance Service, Inc. gave Andres Carrasco, 73, over $21,000
in coins along with a check, NBC Los Angeles
reported.

An employee assaulted Carrasco, the elderly man claimed in a 2012
lawsuit, according to the station.

Victim: Andres Carrasco, 73, was paid over $21,000 in coins by an
insurance company in a settlement deal

'Adriana's Insurance, is this the way you treat everyone?' He said in
statement to the station. 'Why don't you like your clients?'

Carrasco also said 'I am disappointed by the way Adriana's treats their
customers and the elderly. We might be poor, but we are people too.'

Antonio Gallo, Carrasco's attorney, told NBC Los Angeles that company
employees left 'five-gallon containers' at his office.

Gallo told the affiliate station his client is not strong enough to lift
the containers. Carrasco was recently treated for a hernia, he said.

As noted by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution,
since the story broke online users have flooded the company's Yelp page
with one-star reviews.

A request for comment to the insurance company from MailOnline was not
immediately answered.

Adriana's Insurance bizarre television advert - 'Gigante'

Strange change: Carresco's attorney told NBC buckets of change were left
by the insurance company at his office (file photo)


 
		
	
 
 
	
		

  unique_identifier



  Penny for your thoughts? Angry customer takes revenge after he's hit
  with $6,500 debt... by paying it with 650,000 pennies

Paying off your credit card bill can be hard at the best of times.

But one California man has taken clearing his debts to a new level after
he tried to clear a $6,500 debt with 650,000 pennies.

Thirry Chahez, who runs a cake shop, loaded the crates of coins in to
the back of his van and drove to a local Chase Bank in an attempt to pay
his credit card bill that was due on Monday.

Thwarted: Thirry Chahez tried to pay his credit card debt with 650,000
pennies

Debt: Initially, Mr Chahez was told he needed to roll the coins in order
for the bank to accept them

But despite his best efforts, the bank refused to accept the payment and
asked Mr Chahez to package them into more manageable individual coin rolls.

Accepting the request, Mr Chahez was shocked when the bank would not
accept the re-packaged payment either

'I brought them back, and now they're rolled and they still don't want
them,'  Mr Chahez said. 

Success: Eventually the bank accepted the coins and the debt was
settled, for now

'Do my pennies stink?'

He said, he has tried to make the payment for days at several different
branches

'Money's money isn't it,'  he added.

'Different time, different branches, and they all send me away and have
a very bad attitude.'

Eventually Mr Chahez  managed to deposit the money and pay off his debt
after being sent to a branch with a bigger vault.

Mr Chahez says he undertook the drastic measure as he was upset with his
bank over a refinance he could not get and other charges and fees on his
credit card.


   
 
		
	
 
 
	
		

  unique_identifier



  Appeals court rules for ticket protestor

The Michigan Court of Appeals has overturned
the conviction of a western Michigan woman who was Tasered and
pepper-sprayed after protesting a traffic ticket in Hudsonville District
Court.

The Holland Sentinel says <http://bit.ly/10CFw5b> *an Ottawa County
jury convicted 36-year-old Mary E. Vandenberg in 2012 of resisting
arrest and obstructing an officer. A judge gave her $548 in fines and fees.

The appeals court threw out the conviction Friday, saying the law under
which she was convicted is “unconstitutionally vague and overbroad.”

Authorities say Vandenberg tried to pay a traffic fine using 145 dollar
bills that she’d defaced with red and black markers.

They say employees wouldn’t accept the money, and officers escorted her
out. Authorities say officers Tasered, pepper-sprayed and handcuffed her
when she refused to leave the building.



  unique_identifier



  Area man tries to pay old traffic ticket in pennies



Ron Seys took out his frustration over having to pay a 16-year-old
traffic ticket on a clerk at the Scott County Courthouse this week.

He carried a sack with $59.40 in pennies into the courthouse in
Davenport, showed the clerk the old ticket and then dumped the load on
her counter.

“Did I do this on purpose? Yes, I did, to make a point,” Seys said
afterward.

The rural Clinton County man said he went to a bank Wednesday morning to
get the pennies and emptied each roll into his sack. 

About a month ago, Seys received a letter from the Iowa Department of
Transportation demanding that he pay an outstanding 1996 ticket for
improper registration.

The state recently entered into a contract with the Kansas City, Mo.,
law firm of Linebarger, Goggan, Blair and Sampson LLP to collect court
fines and fees that have been unpaid for more than a year. State law
also requires county treasurers to refuse to renew a vehicle
registration when the vehicle owner owes unpaid fines and court fees.

State Court Administrator David Boyd said in September that the state is
boosting collection efforts to recoup past-due obligations in the face
of shrinking revenues.

Seys doesn’t remember getting the ticket and said he’s been able to
renew his driver’s license in the years since, until recently.

Seys also said he didn’t realize he couldn’t use pennies to pay off the
ticket, although signs at the clerk’s office say no more than $3 in
pennies can be used for payment.

Two Scott County sheriff’s deputies showed up in the office and told
Seys he was harassing the clerk. They asked him to pick up the pennies
and put them back into the bag. Many of the pennies had fallen onto the
floor.

He then paid the ticket in other cash, slung the sack of pennies over
his shoulder and left the courthouse.

Outside, he said he didn’t do anything wrong.

“Since when is it wrong to use legal tender?” he said.


      
  unique_identifier



  Asshole pays 10,000 yuan assault charge in coins


It took bank workers in Kunming, Yunnan province over eight hours to process 5,000
yuan in one jiao (0.1 yuan) coins paid to a woman surnamed Wu as
compensation for assault.

In September 2012, Wu was eating at a noodle restaurant when she and her
husband got into an altercation with the owner. After leaving a
restaurant worker chased after the couple and attacked them, leaving Wu
with a brain contusion and her husband with three broken ribs.

A court ruled in June 2013 that the restaurant must compensate Wu 68,000
yuan in damages. After paying a portion of the compensation through his
lawyer, the restaurant owner called Wu on August 9th to pick up 10,000
yuan of the remainder. Upon arrival Wu was presented with eight bags
containing the sum in one jiao coins.

18 employees at a Kunming ICBC branch spent all day counting around half
of the money.


  unique_identifier



  Attempt to pay property taxes in $1 bills lands man in jail

A Wichita Falls man was arrested by a Wichita
County Sheriff’s Office deputy Jan. 28 for refusing to leave the Wichita
County Courthouse Annex while trying to pay his property tax in $1 bills.

According to the affidavit:

The deputy was at the Annex, 600 Scott Street, just after 2 p.m. when
Wichita County Tax Assessor Collector Tommy Smyth asked Timothy Andrew
Norris, 27, to leave the tax office. Smyth accused Norris of disrupting
the operation and efficiency of the tax office by attempting to pay
$600-worth of property taxes with $1 bills. The bills were said to be
folded so tightly it “required tax office personnel approximately six
minutes to unfold each bill.”

When Norris refused, he was arrested and charged with criminal trespass.
As the deputy grabbed Norris’ arm to place him in handcuffs, Norris
pulled away. He pulled away again when the deputy went to grab his arm a
second time, causing the deputy and Smyth to wrestle Norris to the
ground to detain him — bringing an additional charge of resisting arrest.

Norris’ bail totaled $500 for both charges. He was not in the Wichita
County Jail Monday.



  unique_identifier



  Pay and dismay: Irate driver pays £35 parking fine with 1,200 coins

An irate Australian driver got his own back on a council by paying his
$60 (£35) parking fine with 1,200 five cent coins.

After going to the bank for bags of change, the motorist poured sacks of
coins on to the counter to the astonishment of two cashiers after asking
‘cash alright?’.

The anonymous man uploaded a clip of the moment he exacted revenge on
Adelaide City Council to YouTube, where it has already been viewed
150,000 times.

But his stunt backfired after officials told him they could not accept
the payment.

Under Australian law payments made with five cent coins can be refused
for transactions greater than $5 (£3) – presumably to stop shenanigans
like this one.

Undeterred by the cashier’s refusal to take payment he pushed the coins
back over the counter at her and walked out saying: ‘I paid. I’m out.
Bye. I gave you the money.’

A council spokesman told Australian news website news.com.au that the
fine is still ‘outstanding’ following the cranky motorist’s stunt on Friday.

The man’s money is being held in its safe and he has been sent a letter
asking him to collect it, added a council spokesman.


      unique_identifier



  Australian driver pays fine in coins, gets rejected

After receiving a parking fine of $60 (£35), an Australian driver was so
angry that he decided to get revenge by paying his fine in pennies.

The motorist's moment of glory has been immortalised in a video, which
he published on YouTube, showing him pouring out his sack of coins onto
the desk of a council cashier, saying "Cash alright?"

The man's victory is short-lived, however, as the cashier is quick to
inform him that she cannot accept the payment.

But the motorist leaves the coins and walks out of Adelaide City
Council's offices saying, "I paid. I'm out. Bye. I gave you the money."

However, Adelaide City Council has stated that the 5-cent coins cannot
be accepted as payment for fine.

Their spokesman told ABC news:
"We will be sending the customer a letter to communicate the fine
remains outstanding and his money is being held in the safe."

Under Australian law, as with UK law, there is a restriction on the
amount you can pay using small change. In Australia, where they don't
even have coppers, payment in 5-cent coins can be refused for amounts
over $5.

In the UK, under the Coinage Act 1971, 1ps and 2ps are legal tender to
the value of 20p. However, if the vendor accepts payment in coins, you
can legally use them for larger amounts.

There are also restrictions on other coins: 5ps and 10ps can be used to
pay up to £5, 20ps and 50ps for amounts up to £10, but £1 and £2 coins
can be used for any amount. 


  unique_identifier
  Australian Man Pays City Council Parking Fine In 5 Cent Coins (VIDEO)

An Australian man from Adelaide was fined $60 by City Council Parking
has come up with a novel way of paying his fine – in 5 cent coins. Being
angry at City Council, the man decided to take revenge and paid the
amount in 1200 coins of 5 cents each. This whole incident was shot from
camera mounted on his head.
 
However, his revenge plan backfired when the cashier refused to take his
money. According to Australian laws, cashiers can refuse to take in 5
cent coins for anything over $5.
 

  unique_identifier

  Australian Man Pays Parking Ticket In 5c Coins But The Joke's On Him

An unidentified driver in Adelaide recorded himself paying a $60 parking ticket in five cent coins last Friday. Unfortunately, it appears that the Adelaide city council
has the upper hand.

The video, which has already racked up 296,065 views on YouTube and 172,511 on LiveLeak, shows the fined driver asking "Is cash alright?" before dumping 1,200 coins on the
receptionist's counter.

The cashier affirmed that she could not accept the coins, but the fined
driver disagreed. A security guard showed up, there was a brief
argument, and the fined man left with the words, "I paid. I'm out. Bye.
I gave you the money."

/News.com.au/ reports, however, that according to Australian law, anyone can legally
refuse payments made with five cent coins for transactions over five
dollars. /News.com.au/ also reports that the man's fine is still considered outstanding and his change is being held in a safe.


  unique_identifier

  Azerbaijani Activists Raise Funds To Pay Protesters' Fines In Small Coins

 Azerbaijani activists say they have raised 11,600 manats
($14,770) to pay fines for protesters who have been fined hundreds of
dollars under a new law on mass gatherings.

Representatives of the Positive Change youth movement told RFE/RL on
January 21 that the money will be delivered to the authorities in the
form of five-qapik coins (100 qapiks = 1 manat) if the protesters lose
their appeal and the fines are confirmed.

The campaign to raise the money was launched last week after more than
20 men were fined for participating in a Baku demonstration on January 12.

The event was aimed at raising awareness about the deaths of army
conscripts.

The men have been ordered to pay fines ranging from $380 to $760 (300 to
600 manats) each, adding up to a total of $13,400.

 

  unique_identifier
  Bad business: Fla. car dealership gives woman refund in pennies

A Florida woman is outraged after buying a faulty car from a
Jacksonville dealership and receiving a refund in thousands of pennies.

Irena Mujakovic </topics/irena-mujakovic/> bought a 2003 Saab from
Holiday Motors </topics/holiday-motors/> in January that ended up
needing transmission repairs. Holiday Motors </topics/holiday-motors/>
first repaired the vehicle for $300 and sold her a warranty, First Coast
News reported.

The transmission went out a second time, and the dealer charged her an
additional $400, saying the warranty didn’t cover costs of labor.

“I though it unfair because nobody said that to me,” Miss Mujakovic told the station.

She filed a complaint with the Florida Department of Motor Vehicles,
which directed the dealer to give her a refund.

Irena Mujakovic is outraged after buying a faulty car from a
Jacksonville dealership and receiving a refund in thousands of pennies.

But when Miss Mujakovic went back to the
dealership to collect her refund, she was disturbed when she was handed
two bags full of pennies and a handful of dollar bills.

Not knowing how much money was even in the bags, Miss Mujakovic left them at the dealership.

“I’m so mad with them,” she said.

When asked by First Coast News if the pennies were retaliation for her
complaint, Holiday Motors owner Ed Di Miranda
said, “I am doing what DMV asked me to do.”

“It is legal tender,” he said. “The warranty did not cover labor and I
failed to write that in and that was her loophole.”

Mr. Di Miranda said he emptied containers where he collects spare change
because business has been slow lately.

The money is reportedly still waiting at the dealership for Miss
Mujakovic.



  unique_identifier
  Bay City woman protests $570 water bill by paying in pennies, nickels
  and dimes

Sarah LeVasseur really wanted Bay City employees to
feel the impact of her $569.81 adjusted water bill.

So the 75-year-old woman on Thursday, July 31, packed coolers and
suitcases with rolls of pennies, nickels and dimes, drove to City Hall
and plopped the total amount of her larger-than-normal bill on the floor
of the Accounts Receivable office. The bill, officials say, included her
monthly usage, plus charges for past water use that didn't show up on
past bills because her outdoor water meter wasn't reading properly.

"I want to let them know I'm upset," LeVasseur said. "I was told my
reading has been a mistake for the past several months and that none of
my past bills were accurate."

While there was an initial objection to accepting the tender of rolled
coins, George Martini, the city's financial services director,
personally counted and accepted the payment.

Five years ago, Bay City resident Richard O'Hara attempted to pay his
water and electric bill in pennies and nickels, but Neil Wackerly, the
city's attorney rendered an opinion that paying with coins is "dangerous
and inconvenient for the city."

Martini said he was made aware of the legal opinion Thursday morning,
but decided the better solution was to count the coins and bring it
straight to the bank.

"It's a pain, but it's money," Martini said. "She was obviously upset
about the bill she received and wanted to make her protest."

Martini said he needed an additional city employee to help him carry the
heavy coins to his car.

LeVasseur said if the city didn't accept her coins, she planned to fill
up wheelbarrows and deliver the payment in front of the Bay City Commission.

While the act of paying in coins was done in protest, and perhaps in
jest, it exposes a potential problem as the city continues to roll out
its $6.8 million smart meter program.

LeVasseur had her smart meter installed earlier this month. She didn't
experience any plumbing issues, as some have had during the transition,
but her water meter was read before the switch-out and it didn't match
her outdoor water meter — the meter that city staff have read for the
past two years and reported to billing.

Some houses have touchpads that are connected to the inside meter, which
gives the most accurate reading, while others have an inside meter and
an outside meter that are connected, but aren't always in-sync, said
Martini.

"For various reasons, the outside meter doesn't always lineup with the
inside meter," Martini said. "It could be as simple as a spider getting
into the meter and gumming things up — it could be a number of things
that might slow it down. That's one of the reasons why we spent $6
million to upgrade to the AMI meters."

LeVasseur's inside meter was last checked out by city staff in August
2012. At that time, Martini said, there was a slight discrepancy between
that meter and her outside meter. The problem was corrected, but it came
back.

Her bills range from $140 to $160 per month on average and should
continue to be about that much, pending any major spikes in usage,
Martini said.

"Really, one of the biggest problems we have are the people who
literally pay their bill every month and never have any issues," Martini
said. "We never get into their house to shut off the water, look at
their meter, so we miss these things. It's the squeaky wheel gets the
grease analogy."

Earlier this summer, owners of Columbus Laundromat, 1000 Columbus Ave.,
battled with the city for three months after receiving an initial bill
adjustment of more than $18,000. The city made errors over a two-year
period with the laundromat, including installing the wrong type of
outdoor meter and estimating usage in the billing department.

A deal was eventually reached with the city that included a 15 percent discount and an opportunity to pay the bill off over five years at zero percent interest.

Martini said the city offered LeVasseur several opportunities to pay her
bill at zero percent interest over the next year.

She wanted to just take care of it, though.

"I don't want to deal with any late fees or my service being shut off,"
she said. "If this happens again though, I'm not going to pay it."
  unique_identifier
  Man buys Chevy with small change

An Ohio man with a hatred of paper money slapped down $8,000 in coins
at a car dealership to buy a Chevrolet pick-up - then paid the rest by
cheque.

James Jones, 70, produced 16 coffee cans full of coins to buy his new
Chevrolet Silverado in Cincinnati and staff spent 90 minutes counting it.

But his coin hoard only covered half of the $16,000 (8,500) price tag.

The man's son said the most amazing thing for him was his father
deciding to replace his 1981 pick-up at all.

As far back as he could remember, Dennis Jones told the Cincinnati
Enquirer, his father had always had coins.

He gave me lunch money in coins and each time he ever gave me money it
was in coins, he recalled.


I am amazed that we were able to talk him into buying a new truck,
because he is pretty tight with his money.

According to the paper, James Jones walked into the Jake Sweeney
dealership, plunked down his cans and said: I want that Chevy truck.

"In my 19 years in this business I have never seen anything like this,
said Biff Arnold, finance manager for Jake Sweeney.

I have seen many buyers come in with a lot of cash money, but never
this much money in coins.

Salesman David Crisswell said the coins included "dimes, quarters,
half-dollars, silver and Susan B Anthony dollars".

The new owner of the Chevy says he does not trust banks or paper money.

Paper money will burn, but it is hard to damage coins," the retired
engineer pointed out.

"I bought four or five rolls of coins each month. I don't know how long
it took me to save this amount, probably all my life.


  unique_identifier
Cornwall demands economic help

Hundreds of campaigners demanding help for Cornwall's economy have
staged a protest at a toll bridge across the River Tamar.
	
Greg Woods said Cornwall cannot afford more job losses on BBC News 24
(3' 35')

The demonstration has been organised by the Cornish Solidarity Action
Group, which was formed following the closure of Europe's last tin mine,
South Crofty, last week.

The convoy of protesters, many waving black and white Cornish flags from
their vehicles, drove to the Tamar Bridge, and used pennies to pay the
1 toll to enter Devon at Plymouth.

Greg Woods, Cornish Solidarity chairman, who was active in the community
campaign to save the mine, said the protesters were paying in pennies
"because that is all we have got left to pay with in Cornwall."

He said Cornwall was currently losing about 50 jobs a week, and young
people were having to leave the area to look elsewhere for work.

He said Cornwall was experiencing a "youth drain," because youngsters
had to leave the county to get a university degree, and then stayed away
because there was nothing to go back to.

The organisers were demanding special status for Cornwall, which would
give the county the same benefits as South Wales and Merseyside in terms
of development grants to businesses.

Last month, a 20 car convoy, including miners, farmers, fishermen and
councillors, caused a six mile traffic jam when they drove at a snail's
pace on the main A30 road, half the length of the county to the Devon
border to protest about the Cornish economy.
 
  unique_identifier
  Parcel of 10p coins sparks scare

A motorist who paid a 30 fixed penalty charge in 10p pieces sparked a
bomb scare in Suffolk when the parcel was treated as a suspect package.

Staff at a ticket handling office in the centre of Ipswich called police
after noticing the package was unusually heavy, Suffolk Police said.

Workers were evacuated, buses were diverted and an army bomb disposal
team was brought in to X-ray the package.

It was then discovered it contained coins sent as payment for the fine.

Staff raised alarm

Staff at the Central Ticket Office reported the package felt heavy and
rattled when moved.

The office processes payment of fines for police, magistrates' courts
and Suffolk SafeCam, which operates speed cameras in the county.

The sender paid for the parcel to be sent by special delivery.

A Suffolk Police spokeswoman said after police received the report of
the suspect package an army bomb disposal team from Colchester barracks
in Essex was called in.

Michelle Finnerty, from Suffolk SafeCam, said: "The sender on this
occasion has wasted police time, has wasted the bomb disposal team's
time and caused unnecessary concern and anxiety.

"In the process they've cost themselves more money in having to post the
parcel special delivery."



  unique_identifier

Back pay row over crate of coins

A man involved in an employment dispute has had his 1,300 severance
pay delivered to him in a crate full of small change weighing 11 stone.

Mr Raine, from Burnhope in County Durham, was expecting a cheque for the
balance of his cash award, following an industrial tribunal win.

But the acrimonious split from his bus firm boss, Malcolm Lee, ended
with a crate of coins dumped at his door.

Mr Raine, 61, said he intended to seek legal advice to resolve the matter.

The delivery came after a protracted wrangle between Mr Raine and his
former employer Malcolm Lee, who runs Lee's Coaches in nearby Langley Moor.

Mr Raine said he quit his job in 2005 on medical advice and spent his
last days at work on sick leave.

He claimed he had been under-paid and was awarded 2,300 at a subsequent
industrial tribunal.

Legal wrangle

He received a cheque for 1,000 and the remaining amount in coins from
1p to 20p.

Mr Raine, who lives with his partner Linda Walker, said he had to call
on neighbours to get the crate into his house after it was delivered and
left on his doorstep.

Ms Walker said: "A gentleman just knocked on the door and said he had a
delivery.

"Now we have a legal wrangle, because we are not accepting this and as
far as we are concerned Mr Lee has not honoured his agreement."

Mr Raine said he had contacted his solicitor to try to resolve the matter.

According to the Royal Mint the following amounts of coins are legal
tender in Britain for single transactions: 20p for any amount not
exceeding 10; 10p for any amount not exceeding 5; 5p for any amount
not exceeding 5; 2p for any amount not exceeding 20p; and 1p for any
amount not exceeding 20p.

Mr Lee has made no comment on the matter.
  unique_identifier
Penny payment settles the pounds

A restaurant owner - who was served up 18,000 pennies in payment of a
disputed bill - has said he will give the money to charity.

Vincenzo Arceri, who runs Emilio's Restaurant in Durham, said he was
forced to call the police after waiting two months for the party of
eight diners to pay their 180 bill.

When they eventually agreed to pay, he was escorted to their place of
work to be confronted with a large bucket filled with 1p pieces.

Mr Arceri said he did not want to give them the satisfaction of not
taking the money - despite not being legally obliged to do so.

He said he planned to give the money away.

	
I could see the snigger on their faces and I decided they weren't going
to get the best of me 
Vincenzo Arceri

Mr Arceri said: "We went to the offices, up two flights of stairs, they
sat us down and said 'there you go, there is your money'."

"It was 180 he owed us, and gave it to us in pennies in a bucket.

"The bucket must have weighed 80-90 kilos. There was no way I could pick
it up.

"I could see the snigger on their faces and I decided they weren't going
to get the best of me.

"We accepted the money and we are going to donate it to a local
children's charity.

"It wasn't so much the 180 itself, it was the principle of it."

'Largest sum'

Brian Capon, from the British Bankers Association, said Mr Arceri could
have refused to accept the coppers.

He said: "If both parties agree to accept payment in that way there is
nothing stopping them, but the maximum amount of bronze that shouldn't
be refused by a creditor in payment of a debt is actually only 20p.

"A person only has to accept that amount... they could turn around and
refuse to accept more than 20p in coppers.

"It is the largest sum [paid in pennies] I have heard of, but I'm sure I
will have telephone calls to tell me otherwise."

  unique_identifier
  Council rejects pennies' payment

A wheel clamper who tried to pay a 1,300 fine using pennies in a
shopping trolley has had his payment refused.

Gary Southall, 48, of Digbeth, had the trolley containing 461kg (0.508
tons) of pennies delivered to trading standards at Birmingham City Council.

He was ordered to pay the court fine after clamping vehicles without
providing his business contact details on receipts to motorists.

The council said rules meant pennies could only settle debts up to 20p.

'Bank charges'

Chris Neville, the city's head of trading standards, said: "I can see a
humorous side to it in a sense, but it also illustrates to me the
contempt he has got for authority.

"He's cocking a snook at authority - if he had any respect he would just
pay in the conventional way."

Mr Southall, who has traded under the names National Parking Control and
Nationwide Parking Control, was ordered to pay the council 1,300 after
action was taken under the Enterprise Act.

Mr Neville said rules governing the payment of debts stipulated pennies
were only legal tender up to the value of 20p.

He added: "It would be a considerable inconvenience if we had to count
130,000 pennies and the bank would charge us as well."


  unique_identifier
Court refuses man's 4,000 pennies

A man who wants to pay "every penny" of his fine for careless driving
in one penny pieces has been banned from paying the 40 instalments in
copper.

Michael Rees, 41, of Tonteg, south Wales, was told the court did not
have to accept the 4,000 coins.

He said his 2003 conviction was a "raw deal" and that he was prepared to
go to jail if he could not pay in coins.

Rhondda magistrates said the Coinage Act of 1971 meant the court did not
have to take more than 20p in copper.

Mr Rees, was convicted of careless driving by Rhondda magistrates in
2003 and was told to pay a 250 fine. An unsuccessful appeal added 400
costs.

He has so far paid 540, but only by going to a bank and changing his
40 instalments into 4,000 one penny pieces.

It means staff have to spend two or three hours counting out pennies
and bagging them
Court clerk Steve Miller

He said: "This is the way I feel. I could not prove my innocence.

"I take all the pennies out of each individual bag. I rip the bags open
and I empty them in a big sack so it gives them a job to count them.
It's funny to watch.

"They are refusing to accept any more of my money in pennies. There is
no such thing as the Coinage Act. It is legal tender, it belongs to the
Queen.

"If I am not allowed to pay the pennies then I'm going to be in contempt
of court. I'm willing to go to prison for it.

"I'm going to pay it the way I feel I should pay it. I've been dealt a
raw deal. I'm unemployed and I'm struggling to pay."

'Aggrieved'

The clerk to the Miskin, Cynon Valley and Merthyr Tydfil magistrates'
courts, Steve Miller, defended the right not to accept the coppers as
legal tender.

He said: "Mr Rees is not unique. I have had a number of people who feel
aggrieved about a financial penalty and try to pay the fines in pennies.

"It does happen every now and again. If someone is trying to make a
point, really I will always say no.

"The reason we have always said no is it means staff have to spend two
or three hours counting out pennies and bagging them.

"Staff are employed to be doing different things from that."

Mr Miller said exceptions were made for "genuine cases".

A spokesman for HM Court Service said: "Anything over 20p in bronze is
not legal tender. You don't have to accept it."

  unique_identifier
  Tesco petrol station row over coin payment

A man has criticised a petrol station in Devon for refusing to accept
his payment in coins.

Brett Chamberlain, from Tiverton, tried to pay at the town's store with
money he had found with his metal detector.

Tesco refused to accept the £100 worth of coins and said some were
discoloured and foreign and it would have taken too long to search
through the money.

Staff called the police when Mr Chamberlain declined to give them his
name and address. No action was taken.

Tarnished coins

Mr Chamberlain told BBC News: "Police threatened to arrest me for trying
to obtain goods by deception, which is ridiculous."

Devon and Cornwall Police said no criminal offences were disclosed as it
was purely a civil matter.	


    “Start Quote

    It would have taken staff a long time to sort through the coins”

End Quote Tesco statement

Mr Chamberlain said he repeatedly returned to the store to pay for the
fuel, but staff would not accept the coins.

After multiple visits he said the supermarket chain accepted his payment
with alternative coins.

Since the incident he said the tarnished coins has been accepted by a
self-service checkout at a Tesco store.

The fuel cost £95, and Mr Chamberlain tried to pay for it with £85 in
one pound coins, and the remainder with other coins.

In a statement, the supermarket chain said: "We do everything we can to
help our customers. In this instance, the customer attempted to pay with
over £100 of coins."

Tesco added: "It would have taken staff a long time to sort through the
coins and it would have been unfair and inconvenient for other customers."

Mr Chamberlain said: "I'm not a thief, I just wanted to pay for my
diesel with my legal tender coins."

  unique_identifier
  Bitter Boss Whose Nurse Left Over Long Hours Gives Her Final Wages In
  Mountain Of 2p Coins


    Genji Hsing left her job at a clinic in Taiwan, only to get her
    final wages in several huge plastic bags containing near-worthless
    currency.

A bitter hospital boss whose nurse quit over her long hours paid her
final month's salary in coins worth 2p.

Genji Hsing left her job at a clinic, only to get her final wages in
several huge plastic bags containing near-worthless currency.

Hsing, 34, was even told to count out the mountain of coins before she
was allowed to take it home in Taiwan's Taichung City.

She said: 'I had decided I wanted to leave because I was doing really
long hours that I wasn't rewarded for, but I was really surprised by the
hostile reaction I got and even more surprised at the way he decided to
publicly humiliate me.'

Bitter: The mountain of coins presented to Genji Hsing. (CEN)Bitter: The
mountain of coins presented to Genji Hsing. (CEN)

She said on her last day, her boss turned up with sacks of coins under
her desk in front of patients and other staff members at the clinic in
western Taiwan’s Taichung City.

Hsing added: 'I had to work out my notice and on my last day the boss at
the clinic brought me my wages of 21,000 NTD (£454) in plastic bags
filled with coins and dumped them on the table and floor.

'He said I had to count the money right here and added he would sue me
if I took even a penny more than I was entitled to.'

The nurse began counting the scattered money in front of other nurses
and patients and said she spent a total of four hours counting the money.
Genji Hsing is considering demanding compensation for humiliation.
(CEN)Genji Hsing is considering demanding compensation for humiliation.
(CEN)

She said she was even forced to continue counting it on the street in
front of her boss after the clinic had closed.

She added: 'I felt humiliated and degraded in public and I'm now taking
legal advice to get compensation for the embarrassment I had to endure.'

Her employer however rejected the allegations when spoken to by local
media, saying that the nurse had been paid in coins because it was
convenient, but declined to elaborate more on the statement.

  unique_identifier
    Bus firm workers get paid in change

For 12 years, employees at a bus company in Central China's Henan
province have been getting paid in bundles of change, CRI online
reported Thursday.

Bus firm workers get paid in change

Employees at Shangqiu Public Transportation Co Ltd get paid in 1-yuan
notes, March 14, 2012.

"Passengers are used to paying in change when they take buses, so we
receive plenty of change," said Zhang Weifeng, deputy general manager at
Shangqiu Public Transportation Co Ltd in Henan province.

"However, the banks are unwilling to take deposits in change, and we
have to use the change," Zhang added.

Zhang said that one thousand coins weigh 6.25 kilograms, and the salary
is heavy.

"I feel happy on payday because I receive my salary, but it annoys me to
get it in change," said Zhao Hui, who works at the company.

"We encourage citizens to use bus IC (integrated circuit) cards to
reduce the amount of change, and we hope the banks can resolve our
problem of depositing change," Zhang said.

Bus firm workers get paid in change


Bundles of 1-yuan notes and coins are prepared for payday, March 14,
2012.

Bus firm workers get paid in change

Staff members at the bus company count change every day, March 14, 2012.

  unique_identifier
Calgary student pays tuition in coins in protest over credit card ban

Student Teale Phelps Bondaroff paid his spring session tuition in
nickels and dimes to protest the unversity's decision to stop accepting
tuition fees by credit card. ((CBC))

A University of Calgary student paid his tuition with more than 90
kilograms of nickels and dimes Monday, protesting the university's
recent decision to stop accepting credit card payments.

Undergraduate political science student Teale Phelps Bondaroff told CBC
News that he paid his spring session tuition in nickels and dimes
because "the government and the university are nickel-and-diming students."

Phelps Bondaroff said his $1,037 tuition payment, to cover two classes,
weighed more than 90 kilograms and was toted to the finance office in a
wheelbarrow using "brute strength and determination." He said the weight
nearly broke the wheelbarrow.

He said the finance office didn't seem to mind taking the payment in
change, which was rolled rather than loose, and it didn't take very long
to complete the transaction.

Phelps Bondaroff, who has run for the provincial New Democratic Party
and is a representative on student council, said he was making a
statement as a private student to protest both the scrapping of payments
by plastic and high tuition.

The stunt signals "it’s time for change" in the university policy, he
quipped.

"If tuition was lower, students could pay with cash," he said.
"Essentially, what the university is doing with this is they're shifting
the transaction costs … on to students with money transfer, or bank
draft, or whatever."

The government, in turn, is squeezing students by not providing adequate
funding to the school, he said.

Students first found out on March 18 that effective July 1 the school
would no longer accept credit card payments for tuition. The school
announced the change on its enrolment website.

"The fact that the university didn’t consult with the students is
probably the worst part," Phelps Bondaroff said, adding that the student
council wasn't involved in the decision either.

He said the change has been ill-received on campus and that it could put
students in a real bind. For example, student loan payments do not
always come in before the date that tuition is due, forcing students to
secure loans elsewhere or use an overdraft.

The university said scrapping payments by plastic would save more than
$700,000 per year in transaction fees that it could invest in scholarships.

Phelps Bondaroff said that the scholarships would help a select few
students, but the change would transfer costs to all students.

Full-time undergraduate students at U of C pay $4,740 in tuition, which
is being hiked by 4.6 per cent, or about $200 per student, in the next
academic year.
  unique_identifier
Calif. insurance company pays elderly hernia patient with $21,000 in coins that he can’t lift

An elderly California man said this week that an insurance company with
a bad attitude decided pay him off with a van full of buckets of coins,
and he can’t even lift them because he just had hernia surgery.

Andres Carrasco, 73, told KNBC that he settled with Adriana’s Insurance Service, Inc. in June over a 2012 lawsuit that alleged its employees had assaulted him.

Adriana’s apparently wasn’t happy with the terms of the settlement
because when employees showed up at Carrasco’s attorney’s office to
deliver the check, they also brought a van full of five-gallon buckets
of coins. They dropped them off in the waiting room and left.

According to attorney Antonio Gallo, $21,000 of the settlement had been
delivered in the form of quarters, dimes, nickels and pennies.

“Adriana’s Insurance, is this the way you treat everyone?” a statement
from Carrasco asked. “Why don’t you like your clients?”

Carrasco said that he just had a hernia operation, and there was no way
he could lift even one of the buckets.

“I am disappointed by the way Adriana’s treats their customers and the
elderly,” he added. “We might be poor, but we are people too.”


  unique_identifier
California insurance agency pays $21,000 settlement in loose change

A California insurance company has paid off a $21,000 settlement to an
elderly man in loose change.

“There’s over 16 buckets of quarters, nickels, dimes and pennies. It’s
going to take us at least, conservatively, one week to count that whole
amount of money,” Los Angeles attorney Antonio Gallo explains to CBS. 

Andres Carrasco, 76, filed a lawsuit two years ago against his former
insurance agency, Adriana’s Insurance, after he was allegedly assaulted
by one of its employees. Recently, the company finally agreed to settle
the case, but did so in a surprising way.

Adriana's Insurance executives have not publicly commented about why
they chose to insultingly pay the settlement in several buckets of
coins, but Carrasco complains to CBS News, “It’s too heavy."
  unique_identifier
College Senior Pays Off Tuition with 100K Pennies

To pay off your college tuition, you would probably write a check or
make payments on student loans for a few (or more) years. You wouldn't
think to open a piggy bank and pay with coins, would you?

Well, Andrew Magbee, a senior at Southwestern Christian University, did
just that (minus the actual piggy bank). Magbee paid with pennies
that he collected over the years to pay off his tuition.
 
In high school, the student grabbed loose change found on the ground,
and he would then put the change in a coin jar. This seemingly common
action of picking up pennies on the street inspired him to set a goal
for himself: get through college without incurring any debt.
 
Magbee also paid off some of his tuition working “odd jobs" and starting
his own business, The First Floor Café.
 
However, he said, "I'm paying my last school payment with pennies. It
kind of reminds me and will remind me in the future that every little
penny counts."

So, the next time you want to say, "Keep the change," stop and think it
over.

  unique_identifier
Canadian student pays tuition in coins to protest new fees

A student in Canada was upset over a new fee tagged on by his college. The
additional fees for the upcoming semester were added on to tuition costs
for students that planned to pay by credit card. His solution was to pay
the tuition, in full, in coins.
Devin DeFraine, a Mount Royal University student, was not happy with a
new 1.79 to 1.89 percent fee that was recently tacked on to tuition for
students who chose to pay their tuition by Visa or Mastercard. According
to the Huffington Post,
DeFraine's tuition was $3,000 and this new fee added approximately $60
to the bill. How much the fee actually is will depend upon
if the student uses Mastercard or Visa.
The fee is generated by the fact the University is now only accepting
credit payments through a third party, Plastiq.
As a result of Mount Royal University's new payment policy, DeFraine
decided to go cash, but not in bills, as a protest, he paid his tuition
entirely using about 105 kg (230 pounds) of coins.
According to CTV News,
DeFraine showed up at the Registrar's Office to pay tuition earlier this
week with the coins in tow.
“I'd like them to reverse the decision. I know the U of C's done it in
the past and they experienced something similar to this. Hopefully
they'll learn from a little coin," DeFraine told CTV News. “If they're
gonna nickel and dime us, I'm gonna nickel and dime them.”
Credit cards are convenient, but the banks also charge for each swipe.
Often this is a big problem for businesses when people make a small
purchase, say a cup of coffee and a muffin, and pay by credit. It's why
there are often "minimum credit card" signs posted. With larger charges,
businesses often feel fees are less of a problem.
According to MSN News,
previously Mount Royal University had absorbed the swipe fees, but now
the college is passing the fees to students. Reportedly about 90 percent
of Mount Royal University students pay by credit card. The MSN report
indicated the University saves a substantial $500,000 in credit card
fees with the new payment policy.
“Of course this is not a convenient or happy change for the students,”
says Annalise Van Hamm, of MRU’s Financial Services, “We understand that
and we've done our best to work with them, to make sure people
understand and understand why the changes are, and I think we've done
our best to make as many options available as possible.”
It appears the payment policy is not going to change anytime soon,
however, some students may want to rethink their payment options to
avoid extra fees. However, Mount Royal University recently announced it
no longer takes
personal checks either. The college does take payments through its
online bill payment system and debit cards
  unique_identifier

Car dealer gives refund in thousands of pennies

A woman who filed a complaint against a car
dealership here was surprised when she went to pick up her refund: It
was mostly in loose change.

In January, Irena Mujakovic bought a 2003 Saab from Holiday Motors of
North Florida ended up with transmission problems. The dealer first
repaired the vehicle for $300 then sold her a warranty.

But when the transmission went out again, the dealer charged Mujakovic
an additional $400, saying its warranty didn't cover labor.

The student said she had to borrow the money to pay the bill. But she
also went to the Florida Department of Motor Vehicles, whose
investigators directed the company to give her a refund that she tried
to get earlier this week.

"There were some $1 bills but mostly pennies, like two full bags,"
Mujakovic said.

Ed Di Miranda, who runs the dealership, said the money, about $400, was
the cash he had on hand, about $85 in coins and the rest in dollar
bills. He emptied containers where he keeps spare change because
business has been slow.

"I'm doing what the DMV asked me to do," Di Miranda said. "It is legal
tender."

Mujakovic was angry, leaving the bags of cash at Holiday Motors because
she said she didn't have time to count every penny.

Some banks charge even their customers 2% of a transaction to process
pennies, according to Bankrate.com. That would be about $8 in this case,
$20 if a bank charged 5% as some do for noncustomers.

Coinstar machines frequently seen in grocery stores charge 10.9% — more
than $40 in this case — if a user wants paper money rather than a gift
card or e-certificate, according to the company's website.

Di Miranda said the incident occurred because he inadvertently omitted a
clause in Mujakovic's warranty contract.

"The warranty did not cover labor, and I failed to write that in," he
said. "That was her loophole."

Mujakovic still doesn't have her money; Di Miranda said the bags of cash
are waiting for her at Holiday Motors.


  unique_identifier
Car Dealer Gives Woman Refund —in Pennies

A Florida car dealer ordered to give a refund to a customer
whose car had transmission problems grudgingly coughed up—by emptying
his penny jars. A 23-year-old international college student says the DMV
told Holiday Motors to give her a $400 refund after she was charged for
labor costs not mentioned in the warranty, reports First Coast News.
But when she went to pick it up, "there were some $1 bills but mostly
pennies, like two full bags."

The man who runs the dealership says business has been slow and only
around $85 of the $400 is in coins. "I am doing what DMV asked me to
do," he says. "It is legal tender." The angry customer says she left the
bags of coins behind at the dealership because she didn't have time to
count every penny. If she gets a bank to do it for her, it could cost
her up to 5% of the total, while Coinstar machines will take a little
more than 10%, /USA Today/ notes.

"It is legal tender," says Ed Di Miranda at Holiday Motors.


  unique_identifier
Car dealer paid $19,000 in coins smelling of fish

    In yet another case of settling scores with loads of coin, a
    customer left *$19,000 of coins* at a car dealer’s showroom on
    Tuesday. Mr Lester Ong Boon Lin, said to be the *son of a famous
    nasi lemak franchise* owner, had been ordered by the court a few
    months ago to pay Exotic Motors the amount, and he did so – in coins
    which reeked of fish, said a report by Chinese paper Shin Min Daily
    on Wednesday.

    Exotic Motor’s owner Sylvester Tang told the paper: “His lawyer told
    us that he would come to return the money, and even do it in cash.”
    After a shop staff member had signed the receipt, one of Mr Ong’s
    workers used a trolley to deliver a styrofoam box containing the
    coins. Surveillance cameras at the shop showed the coins being
    poured out on to the carpeted floor and the worker leaving promptly
    with the box and trolley.

    Mr Tang, known by many as Mr S. T. Tang, 44, said his shop has had a
    foul smell since Tuesday afternoon and customers have been staying
    away from his store because of that. The coins were later placed in
    plastic bags and put in his car boot. He said then that the coins
    would be returned to Mr Ong’s lawyer.

    Mr Ong, 34, told Shin Min he paid in coins to express his strong
    dissatisfaction with the court’s judgment and the car dealer’s
    actions. He also said it was *not illegal to pay the amount in
    coins*. But according to the Currency Act, coins in denominations of
    *less than 50 cents cannot be used for payments of more than $2.* Mr
    Tang said most of the coins left at the shop were 20-cent coins.

In 2010, this son of a nasi lemak tycoon was sued by MBS for
owing the casino more than $240,000.  Ponggol Nasi Lemak were
quick to clarify that they had nothing to do with Lester Ong’s troubles
with the law, and it was later revealed that Lester’s dad owns Chong
Pang Nasi Lemak , which
is supposedly rated one of the best in Singapore. I wonder if he had
thought of paying back the casino in ‘cash’, which probably amounts to
enough coins to fill half the Infinity Pool. Or perhaps he got the idea
from Mobile Air’s Jover Chew,
who dropped $1k worth of coins on a hapless customer as a refund, and
worse, made a grown man beg and cry in public.

According to the Currency Act, it’s forbidden to use only 20 cent coins
to pay for a standard plate of chicken rice ($2.50), though there have
been cases of stall owners rejecting even 4 x 5 cent coins in
combination with a $5 note for
a bowl of $5.50 noodles. You may however, pay up to $10 worth of 50 cent
coins, and nothing’s stopping you from bringing a sack of $1 dollar
coins to
buy furniture from Ikea because technically, there’s no limit to what
you can do with this denomination. The law is silent, however, on
whether you should wipe your stinky money with Dettol before paying, or
if it’s socially acceptable to cart your load in a wheelbarrow and dump
it all over someone’s floor. It’s a different story, of course, if
you’re a king, have barrels-loads of coins to give away, and toss them
from your palace balcony to the grateful, fawning peasantry below you.

But what I’m really curious about is HOW exactly people like Jover and
Lester, birds of a feather, got their underlings to COUNT and CARRY all
these coins for them. $19K, or 95,000 20-cent coins, or 380 KG of
coins(assuming roughly 4g per coin), is probably still, well, ‘ikan
bilis’ to filthy rich buggers like Lester, and since he’s so certain of
his currency laws, maybe every merchant he encounters in future should
return him his change in kind, by dumping a pail of coins of varying
denominations over his head, because there’s no law against paying in
coins or delivering it with the same eloquence as taking a poop in your
neighbour’s garden.

It’s a pity that we decommissioned the 1 CENT coin. I want to see the
look of his face if someone sends truckloads to his place of residence
and floods his porch with it so he can swim in the brown sludge like
Scrooge McDuck. Maybe SMRT (Feedback) <https://www.facebook.com/smrtsg>
can help with that.
  unique_identifier
Car dealership gives customer refund in pennies

When a car dealership in Florida was obligated to give a refund to a
customer, and they decided to give most of it to her in pennies.

It started when a college student bought a 2003 Saab from a dealer and
ended up with transmission problems. The dealer fixed the vehicle for
$300 and sold her a warranty.

However, when the transmission went out again, the dealer charged the
college student an additional $400 because they said the warranty didn't
cover the cost of labor.

According to USA, the student borrowed the money from her mom, and she
filed a company with the Florida Department of Motor Vehicles. Their
investigators ordered the dealership to give her a refund.

But when the student went to collect her refund, she was given two bags
full of pennies and a few dollar bills. She left the bags of money there
and is still waiting for a refund.
  unique_identifier
Car Dealership Pays In Pennies After Selling Woman A Lemon

Car Lot Pays With Pennies After Selling Woman A LemonCar Lot Pays With
Pennies After Selling Woman A Lemon

When someone pays in pennies after being ordered to make financial
restitution, should they be forced to do it over?

That’s the question people are asking tonight after a customer service
nightmare in Florida. International college student Irena Mujakovic
purchased a 2003 Saab from the Holiday Motors dealership in
Jacksonville, Florida, last January.

Right away, the car started having transmission problems. “The message
said gearbox malfunction,” Mujakovic stated, adding that she took it in
for repairs and had to pay $300. Not being able to afford further
malfunction, she purchased a warranty for protection.

However, the second time the car gave her troubles, she took it back
only to find out that she owed $400 in labor, which, Holiday Motors
claimed, was not covered in the warranty she’d purchased.

However, the dealership failed to put that into the terms of the
contract, and so when Mujakovic took her case to the Department of Motor
Vehicles (DMV), she found an ally.

The DMV ordered Holiday Motors to refund Mujakovic her money, which they
did, but in the most annoying way possible.

The dealership provided her a refund with two bags of coins “and some
dollar bills,” Mujakovic said.

Furious, she left the money at Holiday Motors, and from there, the story
started to build.

When /First Coast News/ reached out
to Ed Di Miranda, the man who runs the dealership, for comment, he
refused an on-camera interview but did provide a statement.

“The warranty did not cover labor and I failed to write that in and that
was her loophole,” he said.

When asked if the coins were retaliation for her complaint, he said
business had been slow, and that he was pulling money to give her a
refund, that “it is what it is.”

“I am doing what DMV asked me to do,” he said. “It is legal tender.”

According to /AOL/, Di Miranda said that only $85
were in coins “and the rest are in dollar bills.”

He added that the money was emptied from various containers where he
kept spare change. He said as far as he’s concerned, he has complied
with the DMV order.

Needless to say, commenters feel Holiday Motors are the worst people who
ever lived.

“This dealership better hold onto those pennies. They’re going to need
them to make the bottom line in the coming months.”

“I’d wait a month or so and torch every car on the lot and the building.”

Do you think if a business or individual pays in pennies to cover a
debt that they should be forced to redo? Share your thoughts in our
comments section.

  unique_identifier
Car Dealership Refunds a College Student with Bags of Pennies

A car dealership owner who was ordered by the state to refund a college
student's car warranty apparently expected her to accept bags of pennies.

Irena Mujakovic, the owner of a 2003 Saab, bought her vehicle from
Holiday Motors of North Florida in January but later had multiple
problems with it, First Coast News reported.

"It had transmission problems," Mujakovic said. "The message said
gearbox malfunction."

The dealership repaired the Saab, and the international college student
purchased a warranty on the vehicle, bringing it in again when the
transmission went out later.

"First time I paid $300. Second time, they asked me for $400. saying how
the warranty doesn't cover labor," said Mujakovic, "I thought it unfair
because nobody said that to me."

Mujakovic didn't exactly have money to spare, either.

"That's actually money that I borrowed to pay them because I don't have
it. My tuition is very expensive," she told First Coast News.

After the student filed a complaint with the DMV's district office,
officials investigated and ordered the dealership to give her a refund.

But when Mujakovic went to pick up her money, she was in for an
unpleasant surprise.

"There were some one dollar bills, but mostly pennies, like two full
bags," she said. Because she didn't know if the amount was correct
without counting every penny, she left the bags at the dealership.

Ed Di Miranda, who runs Holiday Motors, said the money came from
containers where he keeps spare change and only about $85 is in coins,
while the rest is in dollar bills.

"The warranty did not cover labor and I failed to write that in and that
was her loophole," he said. "I am doing what DMV asked me to do. It is
legal tender."

  unique_identifier
Carer threatened with increased parking fine despite winning appeal protests by paying in pennies

A woman fined £80 for a parking offence after her ticket fell off the windscreen has paid the fine in pennies in protest.

Maggie Gebbett, a 63-year-old carer, was told that the fine would be
raised to £120 if she did not pay by today (Wed Dec 3) even though an
independent solicitor suggested she should not have to pay anything.

She turned up at the offices of Bromley Council in Kent yesterday with a
wheelbarrow laden with 1p and 2p coins to cover the fine and accused the
council of "shabby" behaviour.

Mrs Gebbett, of Chiselhurst, Kent, was issued with a penalty notice in May.

She wrote a letter of appeal, asking council staff to see sense and
withdraw the fine, explaining that her ticket had peeled away from her
windscreen in hot weather.

For good measure she enclosed a photocopy to prove she had bought it.

The council stood its ground but referred her to the Parking and Traffic
Appeals Service.

A solicitor acting as an adjudicator ruled that there had been a
technical breach, but suggested the council cancel the fine. He told
officials he had found Mrs Gebbett to be an "honest, credible and
convincing witness."

The council ignored his recommendation and threatened to add another 50
per cent to the fine unless it was paid by December 3.

"I just think they have been extremely shabby about everything that has
gone on," said Mrs Gebbett as she and her husband, Martin, a retired
teacher, arrived with a wheelbarrow laden with 1p and 2p coins.

"I can understand the council going through a procedure, but when they
are given advice surely they should take that advice? It's a total charade.

"I can't believe they have been so cavalier about the whole thing. I
know this has happened to others, but people get frightened about the
fine going up and won't pursue it.

"I have been told I can't have my case reviewed if I pay, but I am going
to try and insist on a review. I have written a letter to say I'm making
the payment under protest."

The mother-of-two has also written to the council's chief executive,
Doug Patterson, asking him to intervene and have the fine quashed.

She added: "I'm furious about the whole business and most upset about
being criminalised when I have not broken the law.

"In fact, I did all I could to comply with the law. I paid and I
displayed. If the gum on the parking ticket is not up to the job, that
is not my fault.

"Going after innocent motorists is extortion. The qualified lawyer in
London has recommended that Bromley drop the charge against me. Why are
they not doing so?"

A council spokesman said: "The adjudicator concludes that the
contravention did occur and the penalty charge notice was issued correctly.

"Whilst we accept that mistakes do occur, motorists need to display
their pay and display ticket.

"We do make every effort to check if a motorist has made a mistake, but
on this occasion, we could not see a ticket. As the appeal process has
finished, the motorist now needs to pay the penalty charge."

Mrs Gebbett is not the first motorist to pay a fine in pennies. Last
month Susan Catcheside, 74, of Longney, Gloucester, used a sweet jar to
pay her parking fine with 3,500 pennies. "I decided to make those
Hitler-ites work for it," she said.
  unique_identifier

  Carterville man pays electric bill with 52,000 pennies

A Carterville man wanted to give Ameren CIPS more
than just his two cents about the recent rate hike. He's giving them
52,000 cents, by paying his electric bill entirely in pennies.

Hancock withdrew $525 dollars from his bank entirely in pennies. It was
a large enough withdrawal he needed a pick-up truck to take it all home.

He sent his payment to Ameren CIPS in six flat-rate boxes through the
United States Postal Service. But he didn't send nice, neat rolls of
pennies. Hancock broke open each and every one of the 1050 rolls, to
protest his electric bill that increased three times as much as it was
this time last year from $193 to $522. "When my bill came, my first
reaction was shock. That didn't last long. Then I got mad, and then I
remembered: don't get mad, just get even," Hancock said.

If his protest helps lower electric bills, Hancock says, it'll be worth
every penny. "I just want to inconvenience them, and hopefully get other
people involved to the point that it'll be a hassle for them to collect
money they send bills for," said Hancock.

Just how much postage did it cost to mail 315 pounds of pennies from
Carterville to the Ameren P.O. Box in St. Louis?  Hancock paid $51.61 to
ship the flat rate boxes and added delivery confirmation to make sure
his penny payment is received.

  unique_identifier
Case investigates Sim Lim mobile shop which paid in coins

A mobile shop in Sim Lim Square, which made headlines
recently when its staff tried to refund a customer in coins, is being
investigated by the Consumers Association of Singapore (Case).

A Lianhe Zaobao report said the industry watchdog is checking on whether
Mobile Air has violated the Consumer Protection (Fair Trading) Act.

The shop has been involved in several cases of improper marketing
practices in the past, the report said, where customers were told to
fork out an additional sum for an insurance policy on the mobile phones
they bought.

Case has received a total of 14 complaints against the shop between July
and September this year. Mr Seah Seng Choon, Case's executive director,
said he plans to ask the store to sign a Voluntary Compliance Agreement
(VCA), the report added.

This agreement will allow Case to bring the business to court if it is
found to engage in unfair trading practices after signing the agreement.
Should the shop refuse to sign the document, Case will still be able to
apply for an injunction to put a stop to unfair practices.

The New Paper reported last week that Mobile Air phone shop, which had
been ordered by the Small Claims Tribunal to refund $1,010 to a woman,
paid her back the amount in coins.

The customer, Ms Zhou, had alerted the police, claiming that shop
assistants had thrown a bag of coins, weighing 18kg, onto the floor and
forced her to count the coins there.

The shop owner apparently got worried halfway through when reporters
appeared on the scene, and agreed to return her the rest of the money to
her in notes.

  unique_identifier
Man Pays Fine In All Coins — 18 Workers Forced To Spend All Day Counting The Money

Bank workers in Kunming spent eight hours counting 5,000 yuan
in one jiao (0.1 yuan) coins thanks to a Chinese man who paid an assault
fine with some serious spite. 

Last year, a woman with the surname Wu was eating at a noodle shop where
she and her husband reportedly got into an altercation with the
owner (from the Shanghaiist via NetEase).

The argument turned physical, with Wu suffering a brain contusion and
her husband leaving with three broken ribs.

A court awarded Wu damages. After paying her the bulk of the 68,000 yuan
($11,000) fine, the noodle restaurant owner gave the remaining 10,000
yuan ($1,600) in eight large bags of coins.

Wu deposited half of the change, which took 18 peeved bank workers all
day. Though, this means that Wu is still chilling with a few hundred
bucks of Chinese dimes.
  unique_identifier
