By Gracie Lee , Christian Post Contributor
August 3, 2013|12:59 am

A man has paid a court ordered settlement in quarters – 600,000 of them.

A man has paid 0,000 in quarters in protest of a court order. (Photo:
CNN Screen Shot)

A man has paid 0,000 in quarters in protest of a court order.

Roger Herrin, a retired foot surgeon, nursing home owner and Southern
Illinois University trustee, was ordered by an Illinois appeals court to
share $500,000 from insurance with passengers who survived a car crash
that killed his teenage son.

Angered by the order, Herrin protested the settlement by paying $150,000
in quarters.

The payment was made via 150 bags filled with quarters that were said to
have weighed 4 tons, according to The Southern newspaper.

Herrin, of Harrisburg, Ill., told the paper, "It's vehemently wrong in
my view and nearly everybody else in the world. If and when someone
loses a child, it leaves a hole in your heart that is never repairable."

The businessman's 15 year old son, Michael, died in 2001 when a farm
truck failed to halt at a stop sign in southern Illinois; it went on to
broadside the Jeep Cherokee he was in. The crash killed Michael, and
injured two friends and the driver, who was the mother of one of the
friends.

The teens family was given $1.65 million in a settlement for a
wrongful-death lawsuit with two insurance companies representing the
truck driver.

A court also awarded the Herrin family $500,000 of an $800,000 pool for
underinsured motorists for all passengers.

However, in January 2012, an appeals court ruled that the original court
had erred in awarding the family the money, and gave a new order that
the money should be redistributed to the injured passengers.

Herrin was given until Wednesday to comply with the court order or be
held in contempt. However, he did eventually deliver when an armored
truck transported the huge batch of quarters from the Federal Reserve
Bank of St. Louis to a bank in Marion, Ill.

The bags of quarters were then transferred to other vehicles that took
the money to the two law firms' offices that had represented the other
injured clients in the case. The bags were dumped in the lobbies of
their buildings.

  unique_identifier
﻿Forbes Forbes </>

  Taxes </taxes> 9/05/2013 @ 2:31PM 12,942 views


  Man Pays Tax Bill With Thousands Of Single Dollar Bills To Protest
  'Stolen' Money


Nobody likes to pay taxes.

Robert Fernandes, of Forks Township, Pennsylvania, wants people to know
exactly /how much/ he doesn’t like paying his taxes. Last week, the
father of three took his wife and children – and $7,143.54 in cash – to
the tax collector. He paid the township tax bill in single dollar bills.
And, just to make sure that he made his point, he posted the whole thing
on YouTube:

Fernandes made his public statement to protest money that he claims
is being “stolen” since he does not wish to “voluntarily” pay for
services that he doesn’t believe he benefits his family. Specifically,
Fernandes’ young children (ages 1, 4 and 7) are not enrolled in a brick
and mortar school in the school district: Fernandes’ wife is currently
homeschooling the children. He said about the tax, “We don’t even use
the public system, yet I am being forced to pay all this money into a
public school system. I don’t think that’s really either fair or just or
even ethical. It would be the equivalent if McDonald's
McDonald's were to force
vegetarians to pay for their cheeseburgers.”

Well, er, McDonald’s /would/ force vegetarians to pay for cheeseburgers
if they opted to show up at the restaurant and order them – even if they
didn’t eat them. And that’s kind of what Fernandes did. These property
taxes didn’t sneak up on him: he moved to the district last year in
search of lower property taxes. That should mean that he did a little
bit of research before putting in the offer for his home – at least
enough to know the tax rates. And he didn’t accidentally land in Forks
Township: he voluntarily moved his entire family to the township after
snatching up a house at a short sale.

But that notwithstanding, Fernandes’ claims that he doesn’t benefit from
the school district ring a bit hollow. Under Pennsylvania law, families
who homeschool are still considered part of the school district where
they live – in some districts, home schooled children are allowed access
to the schools for extracurricular programs like art, music and sports.
Even if students don’t take advantage of school-related activities, they
are still tied to the district: as part of Act 169 (PA’s homeschooling
law parents must file an affidavit with the superintendent of the school
district of residence at the beginning of the homeschooling period for
evaluation purposes. Each year, parents must submit each student’s
portfolio of records and materials including log of instructional time,
standardized test results, and annual written evaluation of educational
progress (24 P.S. 1-102); this is to ensure compliance with
Pennsylvania’s compulsory attendance laws. In other words, even if
Fernandes’ children aren’t physically present at a district school
building, they are still under the administrative oversight of the
district – and that means there is work to be done on their behalf.

Even if you don’t buy the argument that Fernandes is benefiting from the
direct services of the district, it’s a tough argument to make that
public education doesn’t benefit society. In fact, one of our Founding
Fathers, Thomas Jefferson, loudly championed the idea of a public school
system paid for by tax dollars. Jefferson felt that a well-educated
population was the key to a successful democracy, saying:
    [W]herever the people are well informed they can be trusted with
    their own government; that whenever things get so far wrong as to
    attract their notice, they may be relied on to set them to rights.

And sure, it costs money to provide public education. But what is the
greater cost in not providing an education? According to a study
published in /The New York Times/
about one in every 10 young male high school dropouts is in jail or
juvenile detention. Factoring in lost tax revenues (since dropouts earn
less than high school graduates), welfare payments (since dropouts are
more likely to depend on public benefits) and other associated costs,
the estimated collective cost to taxpayers – those of us who have to
make up the difference – is $292,000 over the working life of /each/
high school dropout. By the numbers, it costs more to have an uneducated
population than an educated one.

That said, if, like Fernandes, you believe that there is no benefit to
you as a taxpayer from a public education system, Fernandes still got it
wrong: protesting at the township level didn’t make the right statement
since the township doesn’t make the rules or set the school budget.
Their job is simply to collect the tax, as Forks Township tax collector,
Anne Bennett-Morse, reminded him. Clearly, however, Fernandes was in the
mood to make Bennett-Morse do her job: when she asked Fernandes if they
could have the money counted at a bank, Fernandes balked, saying, “They
expect me to work hard for it and other people to work hard for their
money, but they can’t even count it in the place that they collect it.”
Bennett-Morse defended her question, noting that she did not have a
problem counting the bills but that she did not want to inconvenience
other taxpayers. To put her burden into perspective, if she counted $1
per second, it would take her nearly two hours to count $7,143 in single
bills – and that’s without a break.

As for that “visual” that Fernandes so desperately wants people to have,
here’s a quick summary of what Bennett-Morse faced: according to the
U.S. Treasury a dollar bill is .0043 inches thick and there are 490
notes to a pound, meaning that a stack of 7,143 one dollar bills would
be 30.7 inches thick and weigh 14.6 pounds.

Fernandes figures that if folks understood how much they were actually
paying in taxes, they would protest, too. He believes that most
taxpayers don’t know how much tax they’re actually paying since
homeowners with mortgages tend to escrow their real estate and school
taxes and pay monthly; that sounds terribly patronizing. I would venture
to say that most homeowners know more about the totals of their real
estate and school taxes than they do about other hidden (or nearly
hidden) taxes like sales taxes and excise taxes on utilities, gas and
alcohol.

So what does Fernandes hope to accomplish with his statement? “I’m
hoping people see this video and do the same thing: stop paying in their
escrow and mortgage and start paying taxes the way I did.”

By law, (Section 31 U.S.C. 5103), you certainly can do
that: “United States coins and currency (including Federal reserve notes
and circulating notes of Federal reserve banks and national banks) are
legal tender for all debts, public charges, taxes, and dues.” I suspect,
however, that tax collectors everywhere wish you wouldn’t.  unique_identifier
﻿Monday, September 09, 2013

Pennsylvania school tax protester pays $7,143 bill with $1 bills

Somebody remind Robert Fernandes of Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.'s
approach to taxes.

The esteemed Supreme Court Justice famously said, "I like to pay taxes.
With them I buy civilization."

Fernandes, however, wants to pick and choose which part of civilized
society he wants to fund in his Forks Township, Pa., community.

In this case, the father of three is unhappy about having to financially
support public schools. Fernandes' kids are home schooled, so he thinks
he shouldn't have to pony up for educating other children whose parents
depend on such educational opportunities.

"We don't even use the public system, yet I am being forced to pay all
this money into a public school system," Fernandes told
LehighValleyLive.com. "I don't think that's really either fair or just or even ethical. It
would be the equivalent if McDonald's were to force vegetarians to pay
for their cheeseburgers."

To make sure his message got out, Fernandes had his property tax
payment filmed and then posted it to YouTube. He also made sure he was
taped offering the shocked tax office staff donuts (not burgers) to
underscore his assertion that he wasn't there to make anyone's life more
difficult.

*Taxes as societal insurance:* Guess what, Mr. Fernandes, life is not
fair, tax or otherwise. And you are not the first to complain about what
you perceive as unfair payments to a government. Get at the end of a
very, very long line.

I'm not saying you don't have the right to complain. You definitely do,
even if it's in a calculated, over-the-top manner.

But taxes, like insurance policies, are payments for things down the
road. We want some of those services for which we pay; some we pay for
and hope to never need. Whatever happens, we -- and I'm talking about
the collective we of us who live and work side-by-side -- need to pay
for now, just in case.

When it comes to education, the bulk of which is paid by real property
owners in most states, lots of folks feel like they're getting the short
end of the deal.

Retirees who no longer have kids in public schools and folks, like me,
who don't have kids also are paying for services that we no longer or
never used.

But it's called /public/ education. It does in some way benefit us all.
It's part of the social compact, the civilized society in which we all
live, where we pay for things that might not directly affect us, but
which definitely have an impact on our lives and their quality.

*Paying
it forward:* Or as John Green explains in the photo that's made the
rounds on the Internet, he happily pays his public school taxes because
he doesn't want to live in country with a bunch of stupid people.

Our collective taxes pay for a lot of services we might not have used a
lot ... so far. But I'm happy to have tax-supported police and fire
departments even though I hope to never have to take advantage of what I've paid for
over the years.

As for public school taxes, I'm counting on my money to ensure that
today's kids will turn out to be future doctors, high tech experts,
cops, firemen, scientists, business owners, employees of those small and
large companies and yes, teachers. 

Quick question, Mr. Fernandes. Did you and/or your wife go to public
schools? If so, I'm presuming that since you are making enough money to
buy a house and show up with the cash to pay your tax bill that the
system worked OK for you.

One more query. Do your kids ever get out of the home for which you feel
you are paying too much property tax and play with other youngsters who
are going to public school? I'm sure, to paraphrase John Green, you
don't want your kids associating with and picking up bad habits from a
bunch of stupid children.

So in that regard, you are getting something out of the public school
system in the wider socialization of your youngsters.

*Safeguarding and guiding our tax investments:* All of us should demand
that we get a good return on our tax dollars. That money, whether it
goes to schools or road repair and construction or public safety or
myriad other local, state and national programs, is an investment. 

At least Fernandes paid his taxes, albeit with an ulterior, attention
seeking motive.

If you're really upset about your property tax amount, appeal it
It could be wrong.

I also encourage Fernandes and those who feel the same to do more than
grouse and showboat.

Vote. Run for the school board or city council. Show up for state and
local sessions where taxes are being proposed and discussed.

Be an engaged participant in our civilized society. That's a life lesson
we all need to heed.  unique_identifier
 Man uses common cents to pay fine


   10:15 PM, Sep. 15, 2013

'Sovereign citizen' pays fines with 70,000 pennies	


            'Sovereign citizen' pays fines with 70,000 pennies:
            Sovereign citizen James Sanders explains why is paying his
            $702 fine in Clinton County with all coins.


          Justin L. Mack


Fourteen months and about 70,000 pennies later, James Sanders has
finally paid off a pair of citations he received last summer in Clinton
County.

After more than a year of unsuccessfully fighting the charges filed
against him on Aug. 10, 2012, for speeding and refusing to identify
himself to police, Sanders made the trip from his Mulberry home to the
Clinton County Courthouse to pay his $702 fine.

But the most difficult part of paying the fine wasn't coping with the
impact it might have on his budget. It was figuring out how to carry it
from the car to the courthouse. ...



        Man uses common cents to pay fine

Fourteen months and about 70,000 pennies later, James Sanders has
finally paid off a pair of citations he received last summer in Clinton
County.  unique_identifier
‘Sovereign citizen’ pays fines with 70,000 pennies

Fourteen months and about 70,000 pennies later, James Sanders has
finally paid off a pair of citations he received last summer in Clinton
County.

After more than a year of unsuccessfully fighting the charges filed
against him on Aug. 10, 2012, for speeding and refusing to identify
himself to police, Sanders made the trip from his Mulberry home to the
Clinton County Courthouse to pay his $702 fine.

But the most difficult part of paying the fine wasn't coping with the
impact it might have on his budget. It was figuring out how to carry it
from the car to the courthouse.

"As far as I'm concerned, they are stealing this money from me," Sanders
said. "If they want it, this is how they are going to get it."

Using only change - primarily pennies with a few quarters and nickels
thrown in for good measure - Sanders paid his fine with the goal of
making the county officials "work for it."

This isn't the first time this year Sanders has used change to pay off a
ticket. On Feb. 28, he used a box full of dollar coins, pennies and
dimes to settle a $153 ticket in Tippecanoe County.

He did the same thing a few months later in Jackson County, paying off a
ticket of about $150.

But last week's payment was Sanders' largest coin-only transaction to
date. Using two large buckets and a utility dolly usually used for
moving furniture, Sanders and a neighbor loaded up the coins and carted
them into the courthouse.

Sanders' unusual way of handling tickets stems from the fact that he
considers himself a "sovereign man" or a "freeman" - an ideology that
asserts that American-born citizens answer only to independent authority
and not the government.

He began considering the way of life a few years back after his son
received a speeding ticket.

Common law is typically used to justify why sovereign citizens believe
they are exempt from certain rules and regulations.

Sanders adds that he is not part of any larger sovereign citizen
movement or group and does not support acts of violence.

"I believe in obeying the law. I don't make up my own laws. I read the
law and I follow it. That's it," he said. "I don't believe the code was
written for me, though. My main law is God's law and I will always obey
God's law. And the only movement I belong to is the republic for the
United States of America. That's what I belong to."


Clinton County Clerk Sherri Crews declined to comment on the incident
because she was away at a conference when Sanders came in. Plus, despite
the manner of payment, Sanders' fine was like any other.

In fact, staff members in the courthouse Wednesday hardly flinched and
remained professional when Sanders stepped off the elevator and rolled
his coins into the clerk's office just 10 minutes before they closed for
the day.

Once he was inside, staff members explained that because they do not
have the manpower to count the thousands of pennies, they would
accompany Sanders to a nearby bank to have the coins counted and converted.

That afternoon, they went to Regions Bank and Farmers Bank, but because
of how late in the business day it was, it was decided that Sanders
would return to the courthouse the next morning to handle the conversion.

After a lot of talking, counting and sorting early Thursday, the coins
became cash and Sanders' fine was logged as paid in full. Sanders said
he had about $690 converted into dollar bills at his bank, and the
clerk's office only took about $10 worth of loose change.

In the end, Sanders may not have gotten the reaction he was looking for,
but he vows to continue to defend his way of life.

"The last time in Jackson County I had five police officers show up. I
don't know why they showed up. And when I told them they had to accept
it, the clerk drove 30 miles to pick it up," Sanders said. "They've
caught on to it."



  unique_identifier
﻿Posted:* 16 September, 2013 by Scoopla Team


    Man Pays Council Fines Using Coins




An Adelaide man has paid his council fine by going to the bank, getting
a bag of change and then handing it over to the city council worker.

It happened on Friday when a man decided to get his revenge on the local
council and pay his $60 parking fine - with 1200 five cent coins!

The council's receptionist wouldn't have any of it, and told the man
that she couldn't process the payment.  And she's quite right too.

According to Australian law, payments that are made with five cent coins
can be refused for transactions greater than $5.

A spokesperson for the council told News Limited that the man still has
to pay his outstanding bill.

"We will be sending the customer a letter to communicate the fine
remains outstanding and his money is being held in the safe," he said.  unique_identifier
﻿Man pays parking fine in 5 cent coins

    Yahoo!7
    September 16, 2013, 3:50 pm



        Man pays parking fine in 5 cent coins - Yahoo!7


A fed-up Adelaide man has attempted to pay a $60 parking fine entirely
in 5 cent coins.

The unidentified man used a hidden camera to film as he first visited a
bank to withdraw the coins – all 1200 of them – before visiting his
local council to pay the fine.

“Can I pay cash?” he asks the worker behind the desk.

When she replied in the affirmative, the dumped hundreds of coins on the
desk and pushes them towards her, before asking for a receipt.

After some back and forth, the woman informs the disgruntled ratepayer
she can’t possibly process a transaction using that many coins – and the
law is on her side.

The Reserve Bank of Australia confirms there are limits to how much one
person can pay for with coins.

From the RBA website:

/The RBA states "coins are legal tender for payment of amounts which are
limited as follows:/


  * /not exceeding 20c if 1c and/or 2c coins are offered (these coins
    have been withdrawn from circulation, but are still legal tender);/


  * /not exceeding $5 if any combination of 5c, 10c, 20c and 50c coins
    are offered; and/


  * /not exceeding 10 times the face value of the coin if $1 or $2 coins
    are offered. /

"/For example, if someone wants to pay a merchant with five cent coins,
they can only pay up to $5 worth of five cent coins and any more than
that will not be considered legal tender./

The man, however, wasn’t taking no for an answer.

"You're part of a corporation I don't want to deal with," he said as he
left the building. "I paid. I'm out. Bye. I gave you the money."

An Adelaide City Council spokesperson today said the man will still need
to pay his fine, /News Corp Australia/ reports.  unique_identifier
﻿Payback Time in Nickels and Dimes for Aussie Cited with a Parking Ticket

Armed with a backpack filled with several hundred five and ten cent
coins that he had just made at the bank along with a head-mounted camera
filming his every move, an Australian man set out to /troll/ the
Adelaide City Council for a parking fine he had previously received.

The parking ticket was $60, which means the man had well over 600 coins
in his bag, which he then laid out over the counter of a city council
employee right after asking her if she accepts cash, to which she had
answered "yes".

However, after seeing the number of coins, the young woman was in no
mood to count them and sent the man on his way…

Take a look at the video and voice your thoughts on the incident below.
  unique_identifier
﻿

 This Is What Happens When You Try To Pay A Parking Fine In Loose
  Change [Video]

Chris Jager 16 September 2013 4:30 PM

Most of us have copped a parking fine at one point or another — whether
guilty or innocent, it usually leaves you simmering with impotent rage.
One disgruntled Adelaide man has attempted to exact some petty revenge
on his council by paying a parking fine in five and 10 cent coins. He
also recorded the entire incident on video…

As you can see from the above footage, things didn’t really go according
to plan for the shrapnel crusader. His payment was staunchly refused and
no receipt was given — he basically threw away $60 and still has an
unpaid fine on his record.

A lot of the comments on the YouTube page claim that the council is
being unlawful and that any Australian currency must be accepted. This
is actually untrue, however. ﻿

In fact, businesses aren’t even obliged to accept Australian banknotes, let
alone loose change. Simply put, refusing to accept a payment using legal
tender status is not against the law.

Here’s what the Reserve Bank of Australia’s website has to say on the topic
of using coins as legal tender:

    A payment of coins is a legal tender throughout Australia if it is
    made in Australian coins, but this is subject to some restrictions
    about how much can be paid in coin. According to the Currency Act
    1965 (section 16) coins are legal tender for payment of amounts
    which are limited as follows:

     

      * not exceeding 20c if 1c and/or 2c coins are offered (these coins
        have been withdrawn from circulation, but are still legal tender);
      * not exceeding $5 if any combination of 5c, 10c, 20c and 50c
        coins are offered; and
      * not exceeding 10 times the face value of the coin if $1 or $2
        coins are offered.

     

    For example, if someone wants to pay a merchant with five cent
    coins, they can only pay up to $5 worth of five cent coins and any
    more than that will not be considered legal tender.

On the other hand, the RBA notes that refusing to accept legal tender to
pay off an existing debt can cause consequences in legal proceedings —
especially if no other means of payment/settlement was specified in
advance. The guy in the video could conceivably find a loophole here,
depending on how rigorous the council was in explaining his payment
options.

That said, it’s extremely unlikely that a judge would rule in his favour
given his obviously spiteful intentions. Plus, if the video was secretly
recorded (as appears to be the case) he could find himself in additional
hot water due to Australian privacy laws


The reality is that businesses and councils can set themselves up to
accept whatever payment methods they desire. If you want to launch a
hollow protest against your parking fine, paying in silver coins isn’t
the way to go.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  unique_identifier
﻿Australian driver tries to pay parking ticket in small change


    Footage uploaded to YouTube by an irate motorist from Adelaide shows
    the man enterting a council office and attempt to pay a $60 fine in
    1,200 five cent coins.

10:19AM BST 16 Sep 2013

An *Australian*
driver hit with a $60 parking ticket tried to exact revenge against
Adelaide council by paying for the fine with over 1,000 five cent pieces.

To the astonishment of two employees at the cashier's desk, the irate
man pours a sack of coins onto the counter after asking "cash alright?"

The unidentifed man, who filmed his escapade and *uploaded it to
YouTube* , was told that the
coins could not be accepted, but left them on the counter and walked out
saying "I'm paid, I'm out."

A council spokesperson confirmed to Australian news website
*news.com.au*  that the money could not be used
to pay the fine and was being held in their safe.

  unique_identifier
﻿Penny for them! 'Sovereign citizen' pays fines with 70,000 pennies



Nobody likes getting fined - particularly when they feel they have done
nothing wrong.

And one man decided that if he was going to be punished with citations,
everyone else would suffer - by paying his tickets in pennies.

James Sanders, who was handed a pair of citations amounting to $720 for
speeding and refusing to identify himself to police, has paid off his
two tickets - in 70,000 pennies.

The defiant man took his haul of pennies to Clinton County Courthouse in
Indiana

The defiant man took his haul of pennies to Clinton County Courthouse in
Indiana

The defiant motorist, who claims to be a 'sovereign citizen' - a
movement which recognises common law and do not accept federal, state or
municipal law - had protested the charges since being handed them in
August last year.

'As far as I’m concerned, they are stealing this money from me,” Sanders
said. “If they want it, this is how they are going to get it,' he told
JC Online

He used pennies, quarters and nickels, Sanders hauled his fine in to
Clinton County Courthouse, Indiana, using buckets and a hand cart.


His fine was taken to a nearby bank, where it was counted and converted
into cash,10 News reported.

He said he did not believe he had committed a crime, and wanted to make
those who had fined him earn the financial penalty they had imposed on him.

'I believe in obeying the law. I don't make up my own laws. I read the
law and I follow it. That's it,' he told 10 News.

Mr Sanders is not the only citizen who has decided to seek revenge
through unusual methods of paying.

In 2011 a Californian man took clearing his debts to a new level after
he tried to clear a $6,500 debt with 650,000 pennies.

Thirry Chahez, who runs a cake shop, loaded the crates of coins in to
the back of his van and drove to a local Chase Bank in an attempt to pay
his credit card bill that was due on Monday.

But despite his best efforts, the bank refused to accept the payment and
asked Mr Chahez to package them into more manageable individual coin rolls.

Accepting the request, Mr Chahez was shocked when the bank would not
accept the re-packaged payment either.

Eventually Mr Chahez  managed to deposit the money and pay off his debt
after being sent to a branch with a bigger vault.

Mr Chahez says he undertook the drastic measure as he was upset with his
bank over a refinance he could not get and other charges and fees on his
credit card.

And when one woman was faced with a court order to pay her ex-husband
$50.12 as part of a divorce settlement, she decided to settle her debts
and punish her ex.

The aggrieved spouse, believed to be Nebraska, paid up the money in
pennies delivered in Tupperware filled with rice and beans last month.

She handed over forty seven dollars and twelve cents in pennies, and the
other three dollars paid for the containers that she used, she wrote in
an angry note to him.



     
 
		
	
 
 
	
		

  unique_identifier
﻿Streets of Basel paved with gold: 15 TONS of five cent coins are
  dumped on city's streets as protesters demand a basic minimum income
  for every Swiss household

By Anna Edwards 
Published: 08:32 EST, 4 October 2013 | Updated: 09:13 EST, 4 October 2013

For years it's long been regarded as one of Europe's richest countries.

And judging by these photos, they really have got money to throw about -
and can even pave the streets with gold.

But the cash so freely splashed was with five-centime pieces - and the
reason behind the move was to demand a minimum income for Swiss households.

Activists pile 8 Mio five-centime pieces, one for each citizen in
Switzerland, into a bank vault

Activists pile 8 Mio five-centime pieces, one for each citizen in
Switzerland, into a bank vault

Money to throw around: The controversial scheme was presented to
parliament today

Money to throw around: The controversial scheme was presented to
parliament today

As Europe continues to struggle with financial turbulence and
unemployment, activists in Switzerland have decided to take a stand and
demand a basic income to each citizen on a monthly basis.


 
 
	
		

  unique_identifier
﻿Denver and the West
Man who protests with coins gets booted from courthouse

*By John Fryar*
/Longmont Times-Call/
Posted:   12/26/2013 12:01:00 AM MST

A Boulder County Courthouse security officer escorted Fairview Estates
homeowner Todd Hunter out of the county treasurer's office Monday
afternoon after Hunter tried to pay his $8,190 subdivision paving
district assessment with a $7,958.58 check and $231.42 in assorted coins.

On Tuesday, Hunter said he had deliberately decided to pay part of the
total charge with "a random selection of coins" to protest the
assessment Boulder County imposed on his property on Brockway Drive —
and the lien the county had attached to that property until the
assessment was paid in full.

Hunter said he didn't want to make a scene when he showed up at the
treasurer's office, "but I wanted to make a statement" about his
objections to Boulder County commissioners' new Subdivision Paving Local
Improvement District.

County Treasurer Bob Hullinghorst, however, said Tuesday that Hunter
"was obviously trying to make a disturbance in our office" by showing up
with "a large number of coins that were unsorted, in various
denominations," which the treasurer said he and his staff didn't have
time to count themselves Monday in order to verify that they totaled
$231.42.

"I didn't want to create a huge burden for the people who work there,"
Hunter said.

Hunter said he had called ahead of his visit and was told by a member of
Hullinghorst's staff that the office would accept a cash payment. He
said his bank had counted and sealed the $231.42 in coins in the bag.  unique_identifier
﻿ 

  What a tightwad! Texas man JAILED after attempt to pay $600 tax bill
  with tightly folded dollar bills

By Snejana Farberov For Dailymail.com

Published: 12:35 EST, 4 February 2015 | Updated: 16:13 EST, 4 February 2015


A Texas man landed in jail after trying to pull a prank on tax
collectors involving a stack of tightly folded dollar bills.

Timothy Norris, 27, from Wichita Falls, was arrested January 28 after
refusing to leave the county tax office while attempting to pay his
property tax using several hundred extremely creased banknotes.

An arrest affidavit indicates the smart-aleck debtor was asked by tax
collector Tommy Smyth to leave the Wichita County building for
disrupting the operations of the office.

Tightfisted: Timothy Norris, 27, was arrested and charged with criminal
trespass and resisting arrest after he brought 600 tightly folded $1
banknotes to pay his property tax bill 


Tightfisted: Timothy Norris, 27, was arrested and charged with criminal
trespass and resisting arrest after he brought 600 tightly folded $1
banknotes to pay his property tax bill 

The incident took place at around 2pm at the Wichita County Courthouse
Annex on Scott Street. 

Norris was attempting to pay his $600 tax bill using $1 bills folded so
tightly it took personnel about six minutes to unfold each banknote,
according to the affidavit obtained by Times Record News. 


The document states the situation turned physical when Norris pulled
away twice from a deputy who was attempting to place him in handcuffs.

Money pit: The incident took place at around 2pm at the Wichita County
Courthouse Annex on Scott Street in Wichita Falls, Texas 


Money pit: The incident took place at around 2pm at the Wichita County
Courthouse Annex on Scott Street in Wichita Falls, Texas 

He eventually was wrestled to the ground, placed in custody and charged
with criminal trespass and resisting arrest.

Norris was hauled of the jail and ordered held on $500 bail.  

As of Monday he was no longer being detained at the Wichita County jail.
 
	
		

  unique_identifier
Rangers manager Ron Washington paid a $200 fine with 20,000 pennies

By Mike /Axisa/ | Baseball Writer
March 11, 2014 3:41 PM ET

Ron Washington had some fun with MLB two years ago.Ron Washington had
some fun with MLB two years ago. (USATSI)

This is great.

Two years ago, Rangers  manager Ron
Washington was ejected from a spring training </mlb/spring-training>
game and fined $200 by MLB. Third baseman Adrian Beltre got tossed and
then Washington got run by the umpire after leaving the dugout to stand
up for his player.

How did Washington pay that relatively small fine? He shipped a box of
20,000 pennies to MLB's office in New York. From Stefan Stevenson of the
/Fort Worth Star-Telegram/
    I lost my mind, Washington recalled. Beltre was yelling from the
    dugout, It was outside!' And the umpire threw him out of the game
    because he told Beltre to stop and Beltre didn't stop. And then I
    went out there and argued with him and I said something I shouldn't
    have said.

    ...

    Washington responded by filling a box with $200 in pennies and
    mailing it to Bob Watson, MLB vice president in charge of
    discipline. Cost to mail it to New York: About $45.

    Watson called after receiving the box.

    Watson: And you just had $200 in pennies hanging around?
    Washington: Yes. Bob, I didn't have my checkbook. I wasn't trying
    to be funny. Now go to the bank and put that in the [change] machine
    and get your $200.

One penny weighs 2.5 grams, so 20,000 pennies weigh about 110 pounds.
That was a pretty heavy box. Hopefully Washington tipped his mailman well.

Believe it or not, you can be fined for paying bills with a large
quantity of pennies. Where's the fun in that?

  unique_identifier
﻿Ron Washington once paid a $200 MLB fine with 20,000 pennies

By: Ted Berg 	March 11, 2014
3:36 pm ET	
So here’s something awesome: Texas Rangers manager Ron Washington once
paid a $200 fine from MLB in 20,000 pennies. The /Fort-Worth Star
Telegram/ has the details
of how Washington paid the penalty levied for his arguing with an umpire
in 2011 spring-training game:

    Washington responded by filling a box with $200 in pennies and
    mailing it to Bob Watson, MLB vice president in charge of
    discipline. Cost to mail it to New York: About $45.

    Watson called after receiving the box.

    Watson: “And you just had $200 in pennies hanging around?
    Washington: “Yes. Bob, I didn’t have my checkbook. I wasn’t trying
    to be funny. Now go to the bank and put that in the [change] machine
    and get your $200.”

It’s a good way to express silent disapproval over a fine, and a great
way to make sure the league thinks twice before it fines you again. Who
wants to deal with pennies?  unique_identifier
﻿Ron Washington paid a fine from MLB with 20,000 pennies

Aaron Gleeman 
Mar 11, 2014, 3:15 PM EST


I love when old stories like this surface.

A few years ago Rangers third baseman Adrian Beltre
 and manager Ron
Washington were tossed out of a spring training game by an umpire and
then … well, I’ll let Stefan Stevenson of the /Forth Worth Star
Telegram/ take it from here:

    However, after the ejection Washington never left the dugout as
    required because the ballpark at Peoria Sports Complex isn’t exactly
    flush with great places for a manager to hang out if ejected. MLB
    fined him double — $200 — for not leaving the dugout.

    Washington responded by filling a box with $200 in pennies and
    mailing it to Bob Watson, MLB vice president in charge of
    discipline. Cost to mail it to New York: About $45.

    Watson called after receiving the box. Watson: “And you just had
    $200 in pennies hanging around? Washington: “Yes. Bob, I didn’t have
    my checkbook. I wasn’t trying to be funny. Now go to the bank and
    put that in the [change] machine and get your $200.”

There’s actually a website called PayWithPennies.com
 that’s devoted to “culture jamming
involving large payments in pennies to organizations that are difficult
to deal with.”

Ron Washington: Culture Jammer.

Also, apparently you can be arrested
for trying to pay for something with a huge amount of pennies, although
it’s mostly about dumping them on a counter or otherwise making things
annoying for the person being paid. Washington sent them in a nice box
and even paid $45 extra to get it to MLB, so he’s probably in the clear
there.
  unique_identifier
﻿Rangers spring break: 20,000 pennies for your thoughts


By Stefan Stevenson - sstevenson@star-telegram.com
<mailto:sstevenson@star-telegram.com>

03/09/2014 12:49 PM

11/12/2014 4:11 PM

Ron Washington Ron Washington
Rangers manager Ron Washington argues with home plate umpire Todd
Tichenor during a game last June. Washington sent the league $200 in
pennies after being ejected in a spring training game in 2011. (AP
Photo/LM Otero) Rangers manager Ron Washington argues with home plate
umpire Todd Tichenor during a game last June. Washington sent the league
$200 in pennies after being ejected in a spring training game in 2011.

Texas Rangers manager Ron Washington had a few words with the home plate
umpire Saturday when Prince Fielder struck out looking. Washington
wasn’t tossed, but the moment recalled the time he was ejected during a
spring game and he protested the fine by sending MLB 20,000 pennies.

 During a game in March 2011, Adrian Beltre had been thrown out and
Washington quickly followed.

 “I lost my mind,” Washington recalled. “Beltre was yelling from the
dugout, ‘It was outside!’ And the umpire threw him out of the game
because he told Beltre to stop and Beltre didn’t stop. And then I went
out there and argued with him and I said something I shouldn’t have said.”

 No big deal, Washington said. However, after the ejection Washington
never left the dugout as required because the ballpark at Peoria Sports
Complex isn’t exactly flush with great places for a manager to hang out
if ejected.

 MLB fined him double — $200 — for not leaving the dugout.

 Washington responded by filling a box with $200 in pennies and mailing
it to Bob Watson, MLB vice president in charge of discipline. Cost to
mail it to New York: About $45.

 Watson called after receiving the box.

 Watson: “And you just had $200 in pennies hanging around? Washington:
“Yes. Bob, I didn’t have my checkbook. I wasn’t trying to be funny. Now
go to the bank and put that in the [change] machine and get your $200.”

Word from Wash

“If he wants to throw Prince breaking balls because he’s sitting in the
third hole, you’re going to hang a lot of them and he’s going to bang a
lot of them. So go ahead. You want to throw him changeups? Go right
ahead. Because he’s not going to chase them. Then what are you going to
do?” — Ron Washington on whether pitchers will challenge No. 3 hitter
Prince Fielder with fastballs.

  unique_identifier
﻿ Town 'changes' policy after woman pays bill with coins

Officials came up with the policy after a woman showed up March 20 with
a shoe box full of nickels, dimes and quarters to pay a $200 sewer bill

Loading…Post to Facebook

Town 'changes' policy after woman pays bill with coins Officials came up
with the policy after a woman showed up March 20 with a shoe box full of
nickels, dimes and quarters to pay a $200 sewer bill Check out this
story on WKYC.com: 

  Town 'changes' policy after woman pays bill with coins

Kim Wendel, WKYC 4:21 p.m. EDT April 2, 2014


    Officials came up with the policy after a woman showed up March 20
    with a shoe box full of nickels, dimes and quarters to pay a $200
    sewer bill


Money is money, right? Don't a lot of you have jars or containers at
home that you toss your coins into at the end of the day?

Well, an Erie County township "coined" a new policy that won't let
residents pay their sewer and water bills with all coins.

According to the /Associated Press/, the Pennsylvania township is asking
residents to keep the change, to coin a phrase.

Officials in Millcreek Township, along with its water and sewer
authorities, have adopted a policy limiting how much change they'll
accept from residents paying sewer bills and other fees.

The township's slogan is "Gateway to Presque Isle" and it is just under
30 square miles in size. This is not a four-employee type of small
operation.

Officials came up with the policy after a woman showed up March 20 with
a shoe box full of nickels, dimes and quarters to pay a $200 sewer bill,
according to AP.

Officials say she used a few bills but most of the payment was in change
and it took four employees an hour to count, sort and put the money into
paper sleeves.

The new policy limits residents to using $10 in unrolled coins or $20 in
rolled coins when paying bills. And if any rolled coins are used, the
customer must be responsible for the rolls by placing his or her name
and telephone number on each roll.

Now, you've heard of people paying in pennies to protest a bill but such
was not the case here.

Really? I know small townships don't always have a large government
structure but this particular township, according to the U.S. Census
Bureau, has 53, 796 people and is the largest suburb of Erie, Pa. It is
is the ninth largest municipality in the state, larger than Harrisburg
and Altoona.

So, you would think that it had ample employees to handle the needs of
its residents, right? So they had to count coins for an hour. Is that
such a hardship?

The old mantra for struggling communities and businesses was "do more
with less." Apparently, that does not hold true there.

And if you look at it, unless someone is protesting paying the bill and
chooses to pay with all pennies or all coins, how many people really
would do this? And another question -- how many of us still keep shoe
boxes lying around?

The township is run by three supervisors who serve six-year terms. Their
names are Brian McGrath, John Groh and Rick Figaski, just in case you
want to contact them.


  unique_identifier
﻿Town Institutes Limits On Coin Payments After Woman Pays $200 Sewer
  Bill With Change

By Mary Beth Quirk
 April 4, 2014
Shh, you're safe now, pig. 
Shh, you’re safe now, pig. (yoshiffles)

There is only one thing that happens when someone gets an affirmative
reply to the question, “Do you accept change for payments?” You can be
pretty darn sure the answer will be met with a whole lot of coins
getting dumped on the counter, something one town wasn’t ready to deal
with when a resident paid her $200 sewer bill almost entirely in loose
coins.

The Pennsylvania town’s officials passed two separate measures recently
in response to the woman’s nickel and dime extravaganza, with both the
water and sewer authorities limiting the amount of coins residents can
use in the future to pay their bills, reports the /Erie-Times News/

Both boards’ resolutions say they won’t accept more than $10 in unrolled
coins as payment, and no more than $20 in rolled coins in sleeves per
bill. Customers will also have to write their names and phone numbers on
each roll as way of taking responsibility for them.

It took four employees an hour to count up the woman’s loose change,
sort it and put it into sleeves to take to the bank, the town’s
executive director of the sewer and water authorities said. She used a
few bills, but mostly coins from a full shoebox she hoisted onto the
counter.

“They had never encountered a similar situation,” he said.

He asked the town’s supervisors to adopt similar rules so the entire
town can be consistent and they did, writing up a measure for paying
various other fees.

All over town, piggy banks are sleeping a bit more soundly at night.

Keep the change when paying Millcreek bills
  unique_identifier
﻿Oklahoma university senior makes final tuition payment in pennies 


    A Southwestern Christian University student paid for school once
    cent at a time. Andrew Magbee rolled onto campus with 500 pounds in
    copper coins.

BY Deborah Hastings
NEW YORK DAILY NEWS
Friday, April 18, 2014, 5:49 PM


Oklahoma university student Andrew Magbee make his last tuition payment
completely in pennies. KOCO Oklahoma university student Andrew Magbee
make his last tuition payment completely in pennies. <#>

It was a heavy load, but Andrew Magbee wanted tomake a point.

To show how important it is to live debt-free, the senior at
Southwestern Christian University in Oklahoma paid his final school bill
in rolled up pennies.

He wheeled nearly 100,000 coins onto campus in neatly stacked boxes, all
to prove that saving every cent can really pay off.

“I’m paying my last school payment with pennies. It kind of reminds me
and will remind me in the future that every little penny counts,” he
told KOTV in Tulsa.

Southwestern Christian University senior Andrew Magbe rolled his last
tuition payment into pennies. KOCO Southwestern Christian University
senior Andrew Magbe rolled his last tuition payment into pennies.

Andrew Magbee delivered his final tuition payment in cardboard boxes
full of rolled pennies. They weighed more than 500 pounds. KOCO Andrew
Magbee delivered his final tuition payment in cardboard boxes full of
rolled pennies. They weighed more than 500 pounds.

Oklahoma collebe student Andrew Magbe made his last tuition payment
completely in pennies to show the value of saving all of one’s pennies
KOCO Oklahoma collebe student Andrew Magbe made his last tuition payment
completely in pennies to show the value of saving all of one’s pennies


  * Southwestern Christian University senior rolled his last tuition
    payment into pennies.
  * Andrew Magbee delivered his final tuition payment in cardboard boxes
    full of rolled pennies. They weighed more than 500 pounds.
  * Oklahoma student made his last tuition payment completely in
    pennies, to show the value of saving all one’s pennies.

“It’s very freeing, knowing that you’ve graduated without debt,” he said.

He paid every dime of his entire college bill, about $25,000, by working.

Whether it was running errands, mowing lawns or fixing window screens,
Magbee said he saved every cent he could to pay for his education.


He even saved enough to buy his own business, a deli where “I try to
make the best sandwich I can,” he said.  unique_identifier
﻿
  Oklahoma College Student Pays Tuition In Pennies 


By Lisa Monahan, News 9
Andrew Magbee said he collected 100,000 pennies to deliver just before
graduation. Andrew Magbee said he collected 100,000 pennies to deliver
just before graduation.
BETHANY, Oklahoma -

Andrew Magbee is a senior at Southwestern Christian University.

His education is costing him about $25,000 but Magbee is not only paying
for the tuition himself, he's found a way to do it without racking up
one penny in debt.

"You can do anything you set your mind to, that's the exciting part,"
said Magbee.

As a business major, he has learned not to pass up a good opportunity,
especially when its right in front of him.

"I've always kept that in mind and I've always been willing to do the
dirtiest job out there, to turn a dime," Magbee said he has turned a lot
of dimes but he began pinching pennies long before college.

In high school, he collected loose change found on the ground. The coin
jar is now worth approximately $50.

That savings inspired Magbee to set an impressive and increasingly
uncommon goal -- get through college without incurring any debt.

"I've done just odds and ends jobs," Magbee said he's already paid off
half of his schooling through good old-fashioned hard work. He
rescreened windows, painted houses, just anything and everything.

On Thursday, he was mowing. The mower has, in a way, pushed him ahead of
most college students. At the age of 24, Magbee also owns his own
business, the First Floor Café near N.W. 50th and Grand.

"I try to make the best sandwich I can," said Magbee.

Each sandwich, each tip in the tip jar puts him a step closer to his goal.

"It's one thing at a time -- its focusing on small goals to accomplish
the big goal," said Magbee.

The experience also motivated him to hand out some tips of his own, to
high school students overwhelmed by the thought of having to pay for
college.

"It can be done -- you can pay your way through school, if you work
really hard," Magbee said to show how it can all add up he is toting 500
pounds of pennies... carefully rolled... stacked...and ready for payment
to the university.

"I'm paying my last school payment with pennies, it kind of reminds me
and will remind me in the future that every little penny counts," Magbee
said he collected 100,000 pennies to deliver just before graduation.

It was a heavy load to carry -- but a heavy burden lifted because Magbee
know he won't be weighed down with debt in the future.

"It's very freeing, knowing that you've graduated without debt," he said.

Before getting his diploma debt-free in May, he plans to help the
university transport the pennies to a local bank.
  unique_identifier
﻿

Posted: 2:04 p.m. Monday, April 21, 2014


  Student pays tuition bill with pennies

By Cox Media Group Web Staff

BETHANY, Okla. —

A soon-to-be graduate from Oklahoma has not only pinched his pennies to
get though college, but is also paying his tuition with those same pennies. 

According to KVOA,
Andrew Magbee wheeled in 500 pounds of pennies -- 97,400 of them -- to
pay his final tuition payment of $974. 


Magbee said he collected aluminum cans, started a sandwich shop, mowed
lawns and painted houses, WDAY

New York Daily News
reported the Southwestern Christian University senior did it to prove
that every penny counts.   He paid his entire $25,000 tuition by
working, and graduated  without debt. 

  unique_identifier
﻿Student pays tuition bill with pennies

Posted, 2014-04-21
Palm Beach Post


A soon-to-be graduate from Oklahoma  has not
only pinched his pennies to get though college, but is also paying his
tuition with those same pennies. According to KVOA ,
Andrew  Magbee wheeled in 500 pounds of...





  unique_identifier
﻿ UGA student trying to pay fine with pennies arrested


      updated Wednesday, April 30, 2014 - 8:57pm

 

A University of Georgia student was arrested Tuesday afternoon after he
argued with county downtown parking employees over using pennies to pay
for a parking fine, Athens-Clarke County police said.

Jeremy Ian Sheftel, 23, tried to pay the fine with unrolled pennies, but
the employees told him they had to be wrapped with his name and phone
number on it in case the bank had problems with the count, according to
police.

After the student demanded to be shown the policy of accepting only
rolled coins, the officer explained to him he would have to either wrap
the pennies or find another method of payment, police said.

“I told him that the argument was over, he knew his options,” the
officer wrote in a police incident report.

Sheftel continued to make a scene and as he was leaving the office he
left the pennies on a counter, telling the county employees that “they
would be accepting his payment because he wasn’t taking it with him,”
according to the report.

The officer told the student several times to take his pennies. After he
refused the officer demanded to see his identification, according to the
report. Sheftel was arrested and charged with disorderly conduct after
his third refusal to show the officer ID, according to the report.

  unique_identifier
﻿Man pays car in full with 5 tons-worth of coins

By (NBC/CCTV VIA APTN) Published: May 16, 2014, 9:01 am Updated: May 16,
2014, 3:50 pm

 
LIAOCHENG, China (NBC/ CCTV VIA APTN) — A car salesman was astonished
when a customer bought a car for $16,000 — and paid all in coins.

The salesman in a car dealership in Shangdong Province said after he
made the deal, he asked the unidentified customer how he’d like to pay.

The customer said, “Cash,” and the salesman expected to receive 100,000
Yuan in bills, but the amount was paid in Yuan coins.

He said the customer took a nap while the dealership staff counted the
money; he also watched a movie.

Then, the bank could only accept 2,000 coins at a time.

The total weight of the payment: 5 tons.

Eventually, the dealer took half the amount in coins, and the customer
paid the rest by credit card.  unique_identifier
﻿Trevor Vernon presses on with court case

Trevor Vernon presses on with court case
Court ordered fine
(Paid in coins)

Tuesday, May 27, 2014. *AARON HUMES Reporting:* Have you ever seen
$2,500 – in “shillings?” We did today, as former litigant Trevor Vernon
went to pay his court costs to his opponent Edmond Castro’s attorney,
Senior Counsel Denys Barrow.

Vernon and assistant Peter Carter logged in two large knapsacks
containing 5,000 25-cent pieces amounting to $1,250 each for a total of
$2,500, half the court costs owed, which is $5,000.

Last week we reported on the striking out of an application by Vernon
against his area representative whom he wants to answer for the
thousands collected on behalf of him and others from the Belize Airports
Authority and tried to bring a suit through the Supreme Court alleging
violations of the Code of Conduct in the Constitution.

But Chief Justice Kenneth Benjamin said the wrong section of the Civil
Procedure Rules was used.


We asked Vernon about the unusual method of payment.

He says the money came from contributions from residents in Belize Rural
North and a few outside, even as far away as the U.S.

They came in old coins, new coins, British pounds, American dollars –
and were all converted to the humble Belizean shilling.

According to Vernon, he plans to pay the remainder next week, though in
paper money rather than coins.

The bags were taken to the Central Bank to be counted. But that is not
the end of it as Vernon says he will be filing a new application, using
what he has learned from the first.

Vernon will keep Philip Palacio as his attorney; no word, however, on
how he’s paying him.


   

  unique_identifier
Workers get coins in wages dispute

/2014-06-02 11:37/ //chinadaily.com.cn/ / //Web Editor: Gu Liping/ /

Workers have been paid their salaries in over 50,000 coins one month
after they finished their project in Nanning city, Guangxi Zhuang
autonomous region, Xinhua News Agency reported on Sunday.

A worker named Peng and his fellow workers took on a decoration project
for a shop in March and agreed they would not get their wages of roughly
52,000 yuan until after they had finished.

In the end, they had to resort to local labor department for help. They
finally received what they were owed on May 29, but were given more than
50,000 coins with a total weight of over 300 kilograms. The employers
admitted they were angry because the workers' behavior left a bad effect
on the company.


  unique_identifier
﻿ Workers Get Paid 300KG of Coins after Wage Dispute


      /Jun 03, 2014/	*By eChinacities.com * 
    
 Worker Fills Bosses Apartment with Over 1000 Ducklings as ‘Revenge’ Over
Pay Dispute

A passive aggressive employer decided to get the last laugh in a wage
dispute with his employees, by paying them their wages entirely in coins.

Disgruntled workers in Nanning City, Guangxi, were told that they
couldn’t receive their wages until the project was finished. They
appealed to the local labor board, and their employer was forced to pay up.

However, he wasn’t going to let it go that easily, so he decided to pay
them in the most annoying way possible: by paying them entirely in
coins. The workers received more than 50,000 coins, totaling roughly
52,000 RMB and weighing over 300 kilograms.

The employer admitted that they did it because they were ‘angry’ at the
workers’ ‘bad attitudes’.


*Keywords:* Workers get paid in coins

  unique_identifier
﻿Sarah LeVasseur pays utility bill in coins as a protest

       Thursday, July 31, 2014 11:58 AM



Susan LeVasseur and Sarah LeVasseur rolls suitcases with coins to pay
for a utility bill Thursday, July 31, at Bay City Hall, 301 Washington
Ave, in Bay City. Sarah LeVasseur is paying in this manner in protest of
unusually high bill. (Yfat Yossifor | The Bay City Times)
  unique_identifier
﻿Insurance company pays elderly man’s settlement with $21,000 in change 


    Southern California-based Adriana's Insurance paid a man with
    several buckets of loose change after he claimed in a lawsuit that
    one of their agents roughed him up.

BY Philip Caulfield 
NEW YORK DAILY NEWS
Wednesday, August 6, 2014, 8:45 AM


Andres Carrasco, 73, received $21,000 in coins along with a check from
Adriana's Insurance company, which he sued after one of its agents
allegedly assaulted him. knbc tv Andres Carrasco, 73, received $21,000
in coins along with a check from Adriana's Insurance company, which he
sued after one of its agents allegedly assaulted him. <#>

Goons from a crooked California insurance company allegedly assaulted an
older man and, after he successfully sued them, paid the settlement with
buckets of loose change.

NBC California reports
agents from Los Angeles-based Adriana's Insurance paid 73-year-old
Andres Carrasco the settlement with a check but also several five-gallon
buckets brimming with $21,000 in coins.

Carrasco sued the company in 2012, claiming one of the company's agents
assaulted him.

The company agreed to settle in June, and when it came time to pay up,
eight of the company's workers visited Carrasco's lawyer's office in a
van, lugged the jugs of chump change into the waiting room and then
split,NBC said.

Carrasco, who recently had a hernia operation, said the stunt left him
feeling punked.

"Adriana's Insurance, is this the way you treat everyone?" he said in a
statement. "Why don't you like your clients?"

"I am disappointed by the way Adriana's treats their customers and the
elderly," he added.

The company hasn't commented on the move.
  unique_identifier
﻿Plaintiff paid in coins has serious need for wrappers
Posted: August 6, 2014

 Plaintiff paid in coins has serious need for wrappers

An insurance company's begrudging lawsuit payoff leaves an elderly Los
Angeles man with up to 17 buckets of change.

By ROBERT JABLON The Associated Press
LOS ANGELES — An insurance company settled a lawsuit with a Los Angeles
man by dropping off buckets full of thousands of quarters, nickels,
dimes and pennies, his attorney said Wednesday.

Andres Carrasco, 76, filed a lawsuit in 2012 against Adriana’s Insurance
Services, based in Rancho Cucamonga. Carrasco alleged that during an
argument over why the company had canceled his auto insurance, an agent
assaulted him by physically removing him from the office.

Andres Carrasco sits in his Los Angeles office with buckets of change
totaling more than $20,000 that he received as a partial settlement in
his suit against an insurance company.
Andres Carrasco sits in his Los Angeles office with buckets of change
totaling more than $20,000 that he received as a partial settlement in
his suit against an insurance company. The Associated Press

The company reached a settlement in June and last week delivered partial
payment in the form of a check, but also tried to leave buckets of loose
change in his lawyer’s East Los Angeles office, attorney Antonio Gallo said.

Gallo said he refused to accept the delivery because he couldn’t verify
the amount in the buckets. But, he said, the cash was left the next day
when he was at court. His assistant said eight people came in “and just
dropped it off in the lobby,” Gallo said.

Gallo, who wouldn’t disclose the settlement figure, estimated there may
be $20,000 or more in coins.

“There’s maybe 17 buckets of coins,” he said. “They probably (each)
weigh anywhere between 70 to 100 pounds. I’m assuming, because I can’t
lift them.”

One bucket is entirely full of pennies, he said.

Gallo said he didn’t think the payment was illegal in California, but it
is rare.

“It’s insulting to my client. He’s 76 years old, he just had a hernia
operation. Come on,” Gallo said. “He feels that he wasn’t treated as a
human being.”

“I am disappointed by the way Adriana’s treats their customers and the
elderly,” Carrasco told KNBC-TV. “We might be poor, but we are people too.”

A call to the insurer’s attorney, Edvin Flores, wasn’t immediately returned.

Gallo said he has been in contact with the company’s attorney and would
like to see the insurer issue a check for the rest of the settlement and
take away the coins by Friday. Otherwise, he will have to hire someone
to count the stash.

“If the money’s short, then we’ll probably go back into court” to ask
for the full amount, along with the cost of counting the coins “and
hopefully some sanctions,” Gallo said.
  unique_identifier
﻿ Vengeful insurance company pays $21K claim in loose change

By Natalie O'Neill 

August 6, 2014 | 10:27am

They added insult to injury!

An insurance company in California paid a senior citizen $21,000 in
loose change after he won a settlement against them, NBC reports.

Adriana’s Insurance Service Inc. delivered the buckets of coins to
Andres Carrasco, 73, after he filed a lawsuit claiming a worker at the
firm assaulted him in 2012, according to the station.

“I am disappointed by the way Adriana’s treats their customers and the
elderly. We might be poor, but we are people too,” Carrasco blasted.

He added, “Why don’t you like your clients?”

Carrasco recently suffered a hernia and wasn’t strong enough to lift the
heavy buckets, his lawyer Antonio Gallo claimed.

Eight of Adriana’s Insurance employees delivered the five-gallon
containers, which were full of nickels, dimes and pennies, NBC reported.  unique_identifier
﻿Man gets paid with buckets of coins in settlement with insurance firm

Insurance company settles suit with $21K in loose coins


By Veronica Rocha



Adriana's Insurance sends man 16-18 buckets of coins to pay lawsuit
settlement of about $21,000

When Los Angeles-area resident Andres Carrasco reached a settlement with
Adriana's Insurance, he expected a check, but instead received more than
a dozen buckets containing at least $21,000 in coins.


Eight representatives with the insurance company delivered 16 to 18
paint buckets filled with quarters, nickels, dimes and pennies to
Carrasco's attorney's office as part of a settlement that had to be paid
by July 25.

"It's unfortunate that a business like that would use some of these
tactics," said the attorney, Antonio Gallo.

Settlement paid in coins

Settlement paid in coins
Antonio Gallo
Andres Carrasco with some of his $21,000-plus settlement with Adriana's
Insurance.
Andres Carrasco with some of his $21,000-plus settlement with Adriana's
Insurance. (Antonio Gallo)

Calls to Adriana's Insurance, based in Rancho Cucamonga, were not returned.

The settlement was the result of a 2012 lawsuit in which Carrasco
alleged that an employee at the company assaulted him when he tried to
purchase insurance, his attorney said.

Gallo initially thought the coin delivery was a joke, so he tried
contacting the company for a check.

But he says the company told him they were not issuing a check.

Gallo said his client, a retired 76-year-old bus driver, "feels like he
is disrespected."


The buckets of coins, he said, have been taken to the bank, where they
are being counted.
  unique_identifier
﻿

        Man gets $21,000 of settlement money in buckets of coins

(NEWSER) – Andres Carrasco was likely happy to hear in June that he was
being awarded a settlement from an insurance company after one of its
workers allegedly assaulted him. He was definitely not happy to see

Loading…Post to Facebook

Man gets $21,000 of settlement money in buckets of coins (NEWSER) –
Andres Carrasco was likely happy to hear in June that he was being
awarded a settlement from an insurance company after one of its workers
allegedly assaulted him. He was definitely not happy to see Check out
this story on USATODAY.com: 

  Man gets $21,000 of settlement money in buckets of coins

Jenn Gidman, Newser 10:52 a.m. EDT August 7, 2014

AP Buckets of Coins Settlement

This image provided by Andres Carrasco shows him in his office in Los
Angeles, July 31, 2014, with buckets of change he won as a partial
settlement in a 2012 lawsuit against Adrianaís Insurance
Services.(Photo: AP)

(NEWSER) – Andres Carrasco was likely happy to hear in June that he was
being awarded a settlement from an insurance company after one of its
workers allegedly assaulted him. He was definitely not happy to see how
$21,000 of that settlement recently arrived at his attorney's office—in
5-gallon containers filled with coins, reports NBC Los Angeles

"There's over 16 buckets of quarters, nickels, dimes, and pennies—it's
going to take us at least, conservatively, one week to count that,"
Carrasco's attorney tells CBS Los Angeles


According to Carrasco's lawyer, eight employees from Adriana's Insurance
drove up in a van and dumped the payment in his waiting room. The
73-year-old Carrasco tells CBS LA that the buckets are "too heavy" and
takes Adriana's to task for its seemingly spiteful compensation.

"I am disappointed by the way Adriana's treats their customers and the
elderly," he said in a statement.

Insurance company reps haven't commented on the change conundrum. (It's
not the first time someone has settled a bill with colossal
coinage—including this man,
this man,
and this woman.)
  unique_identifier
﻿Stony Brook students feel the weight of fees hike

September 10, 2014 6:32 PM

Stony Brook University students paid their fees in coins on Sept. 10,
2014, to protest the rising costs of university fees they say are not
covered by financial aid. (Credit: Newsday / Chuck Fadely)

Stony Brook University students paid their fees in

Stony Brook University students paid their fees in coins on Sept. 10,
2014, to protest the rising costs of university fees they say are not
covered by financial aid. (Credit: Newsday / Chuck Fadely)


  unique_identifier
﻿MOBILE AIR AT SIM LIM GAVE WOMAN $1,010 IN COINS WHEN SHE ASKED FOR REFUND

Post date: 
30 Oct 2014 - 11:56am

A woman who bought an over-priced phone at Sim Lim Square demanded a
refund and was given a bag full of $1,010 coins.

The incident happened on Tuesday afternoon, at 2pm.

The woman, who is known as Miss Zhou, had bought an iPhone 6 Plus for
$1,600. Later on, she was shocked to find out that the shop demanded
that she pay another $2,400 for two years of insurance.

Subsequently, the shop was only willing to give her a $1,000 refund.
Miss Zhou decided to go to the Small Claims Tribunal, who then ordered
the shop to refund Miss Zhou of $1,010.

However, when Miss Zhou went to collect her refund, she was given the
money in a bag full of coins.

Later, the bag was thrown onto the floor. It was not known who did it.

While Miss Zhou was picking up her coins, the shop staff embarrassed her
by making nasty remarks against her.

The incident took place over a period of four hours, which led to the
Police being called.

Miss Zhou is in Singapore for a holiday. She has an aunt residing here
who had also bought an iPhone 6  but was charged for $3,000.

The mobile shop in question is Mobile Air.

A quick search online showed that Mobile Air has faced numerous
complaints, both locally and overseas.

In fact, a brochure at the Sim Lim Square also warned consumers about
patronising Mobile Air. Over the third quarter of the year, Mobile Air
received the most complaints at Sim Lim Square, with 11 complaints over
June to August this year.

It is understood that Mobile Air has been operating for at least two
years now. It is unsure why the authorities have yet to take any
affirmative action against the shop.  unique_identifier
﻿Sim Lim Square shop refunds woman $1,010 in coins

Oct 30, 2014 6:00am


TEDIOUS: (Above) The spilt bag of coins on the floor. Miss Zhou and the
shop assistant both deny throwing the bag onto the floor.PHOTO: LIANHE
WANBAO


TEDIOUS: (Above) Miss Zhou and her aunt counting the coins in the mobile
phone shop. PHOTO: LIANHE WANBAO
By: RONALD LOH 

She went to the mobile phone shop in Sim Lim Square to get a refund.

The shop gave her the money. The only problem was that all $1,010 of it
was in coins.

The consumer, who wanted to be known only as Miss Zhou said the shop's
action angered and shocked her.

She had bought an iPhone 6 Plus from the shop for $1,600 and then
discovered she also had to pay another $2,400 for two years of insurance.

The shop later gave her a $1,000 discount but Miss Zhou went to the
Small Claims Tribunal which ordered the $1,010 refund.

But when she went to get her refund, she claimed the shop employees
verbally abused and taunted her after forcing her to count the money on
the floor.

Read the full report in our print edition on Oct 30.

  unique_identifier
﻿Sim Lim Square mobile shop owner can't explain why he paid customer in
coins, CASE to probe incident
Posted on 02 November 2014  |    |  87 comments
Mr Chew evaded the question of why he had paid in coins and showed The
New Paper a video of Ms Liu throwing the bag of coins on the floor
outside the shop. PHOTO: THE NEW PAPER, LIANHE WANBAO

*AsiaOne,
Friday, Oct 30, 2014 *

The Consumers Association of Singapore (CASE) is investigating Sim Lim
Square mobile phone shop Mobile Air for possible violations of the
Consumer Protection (Fair Trading) Act.

The shop has allegedly been involved in several cases of improper
marketing practices recently, by forcing customers buying the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus to fork out an additional sum for an insurance policy
for the phone, report Lianhe Zaobao and *AsiaOne*

Between July and September this year, CASE has received a total of 14
complaints against the shop. CASE executive director Seah Seng Choon
said that it was re-investigating all complains it has received against
Mobile Air, and plans to invite the store to sign a Voluntary Compliance
Agreement (VCA).

According to Lianhe Zaobao, CASE can bring the business to court or
obtain an injunction, should it engage in unfair trading practices after
signing the agreement. If the shop refuses to sign the VCA, CASE will
still be able to apply for an injunction to put a stop to the unfair
trading practices.

Mr Seah explained that mobile phone shops can charge an additional fee
if they provide additional warranty services, but must make it clear
prior to customers' purchasing mobile phones.

"It is improper if the business did not inform the customer in advance,
and then withhold the phone if the customer refuses to pay the warranty
fee," he said. The Mobile Air phone shop first came to attention on
Tuesday, when the shop, which had been ordered to refund $1,010 to a
woman, paid her back the amount in coins.

The New Paper reported that the woman, Ms Zhou, had alerted the police,
claiming that shop assistants had thrown a bag of coins, weighing 18kg,
onto the floor and forced her to count the coins there.

The woman had first bought an iPhone 6 Plus from the shop for $1,600,
but after she signed the contract, the staff asked her to fork out an
additional $2,400 "insurance fee".

She had haggled down the price to $3,000, but remained dissatisfied and
filed a complaint with the Small Claims Tribunal, which ruled that the
shop refund her $1,010. According to The New Paper, the shop's owner, Mr
Jover Chew, claimed that the Chinese national and her aunt were
difficult customers.

He claimed that Ms Zhou's aunt, Ms Liu, had turned up at the shop three
times to collect the money on her behalf, but the shop had refused to
refund the money without Ms Zhou in person.

When he was asked why he had paid in coins, he evaded the question, and
said that Ms Zhou and Ms Liu could have rejected the coins if they did
not want them.

  unique_identifier
﻿WTF: Duped customer gets $1k refund in coins at Sim Lim Square

By *Coconuts Singapore </users/coconuts-singapore>* October 30, 2014 /
11:49 SGT
Epic: Woman gets $1k refund in coins at Sim Lim Square

A woman in her 20s had gone to a mobile phone shop in Sim Lim Square to
get a refund of $1,010 granted under the Small Claims Tribunal for an
iPhone 6 Plus she’d paid $3,000 for.
 
The market price for a 128GB iPhone 6 Plus goes for $1,448.
 
Albeit reluctant, the shop did refund her the money. Except that it was
in the form of a whopping 18kg of coins, consisting of at least 40
five-cent coins, as reported by /The New Paper/
 
Identifying herself as a Ms. Zhou, she said she’d gone to the shop five
times in a month to claim her refund, only to be turned away by the staff.
 
“They gave all sorts of excuses. They told me they would only pay on
Oct. 17, or that their boss was not around,” said Ms. Zhou.
 
The Chinese national claimed that when she turned up at the shop with
her aunt on Tuesday, after returning from a short trip to China on Oct.
23, the shop assistants threw the bag of coins on the floor and told her
to verify the amount there.
 
“It was humiliating. There were five guys. I was scared and didn’t know
what to do. So I called the police,” she recounted.
 
When the police arrived and the reporters were starting to crowd around,
“He [the shop owner] told me if I got rid of the reporters, he would
return the rest of the money, including the five-cent coins, in notes,”
added Ms. Zhou.
 
By then, she had already gone through $550 worth of coins in the past
three hours.
 
Speaking to /Shin Min Daily News/, a shop assistant explained that the
boss had only changed the money to coins when Ms. Zhou didn’t turn up to
claim the refund on Oct. 17. He also claimed that Zhou and her aunt
displayed poor attitudes towards the staff.
 
Under the Monetary Authority of Singapore’s Currency Act, any sum can be
paid in $1 coins. However, payments of more than $10 given in 50-cent
coins can be refused.
  unique_identifier
﻿ Sim Lim shop owner can't explain why he paid customer's $1,010
    refund in coins

Oct 31, 2014 6:00am


CAUGHT ON VIDEO: Mobile Air owner Jover Chew showed TNP a video of the
incident which shows Ms Liu throwing the bag of coins on the floor
outside the shop.PHOTO: AARON ENG


CAUGHT ON VIDEO: Mobile Air owner Jover Chew showed TNP a video of the
incident which shows Ms Liu throwing the bag of coins on the floor
outside the shop.PHOTO: LIANHE WANBAO
By: ELIZABETH LAW 
The owner of a Sim Lim Square shop who refunded a customer $1,010 in
coins, gave his side of the story yesterday.

The New Paper reported yesterday that a student, who wished to be known
only as Ms Zhou, was refunded $1,010 in coins and that shop staff
members taunted her and her aunt, Ms Liu, as they counted the money.

Mr Jover Chew, owner of Mobile Air, however, claimed that the Chinese
national and her aunt were difficult customers, and that he and his
workers had tried to handle the situation as best they could.

When pressed thrice on why he had paid in coins, Mr Chew evaded the
question and said Ms Zhou and Ms Liu could have rejected the coins if
they did not want them.

Read the full report in our print edition on Oct 31.

  unique_identifier
﻿
Something 'fishy' about car payment in coins video



Last updated 14:04, November 10 2014
LiveLeak

The footage is not very clear but a disgruntled buyer in Singapore pays
for new car with $19,000 in coins smelling of fish.

A luxury car dealer in Singapore has complained that his showroom smells
like a market after an "unhappy" customer paid him Sg$19,000 (NZ$18,983)
in coins smelling of fish.

Tang Siu Tong, 44, owner of Exotic Motor that sells Ferraris and
Bentleys, said the customer dumped nearly 100 kilograms worth of coins
in his showroom last week after being ordered by a court to pay the
dealer the amount. 

The customer, 34-year-old businessman Ong Boon Lin, had lost a lawsuit
over the costs associated with consigning his Aston Martin V8 Vantage to
the showroom in order to sell it.  

"He did this deliberately because he was unhappy," Tang said. 

"The coins were soaked in market juices, and smelled of fish. It stank
up the whole place and I had to hire professionals to get rid of it. But
the smell is still there," he said. 

"I am keeping the coins in 10 separate bags... My lawyers are arranging
to have it returned, I am definitely not going to accept it," he added. 

Tang said the coins included those of five, 10, 20 and 50-cent
denominations. There were also Malaysian and Thai coins.

Ong, the customer, told local tabloid The New Paper he decided to settle
the amount in coins because he was upset with Tang.

"Was I too much? I was really unhappy with his business practice and I
paid the amount in full. So, no," he said.

Ong's outburst is the second incident in the last week involving the
payment of a large amount in coins.


The owner of a mobile phone store was lambasted online by Singaporeans
last week after he refunded a Chinese tourist more than NZ$2000 in coins
after a claims tribunal ruled against his shop.

Under Singapore's Currency Act, small denomination coins can't be used
for payments over a certain amount.


  unique_identifier
﻿Sim Lim Square shop pays $1,010 refund in coins

Ronald LohThe New Paper Saturday, Nov 01, 2014


Sim Lim Square shop pays $1,010 refund in coins
Miss Zhou said the staff threw the bag of coins on the floor and told
her to count them on the floor.

She went to the mobile phone shop in Sim Lim Square to get a refund.

After all, the Small Claims Tribunal had ruled in her favour. The shop
gave her the money.


The only problem was that all $1,010 of it was in coins. The consumer,
who wanted to be known only as Miss Zhou, said the shop's action angered
and shocked her.

She also claimed that the shop employees verbally abused and taunted her
after forcing her to count the money on the floor. Some even took
pictures and videos of her with the coins.

She said her ordeal on Tuesday afternoon lasted about three hours.

Such a payment is not illegal, but she could have refused to accept the
payment in coins, said a lawyer.

In the end, she ended up with about $550 in coins after the shop owner
agreed to pay her the rest in notes when reporters turned up at the shop.

Miss Zhou told The New Paper in Mandarin yesterday: "Now I have 18kg of
coins in a bag sitting on my sofa. I went to a bank, but its staff were
not willing to change the coins to notes for me."

The Chinese national in her 20s had arrived here in Singapore last month
to study. She said in a phone interview that she had gone to the shop,
Mobile Air, in Sim Lim Square last month.

She bought an iPhone 6 Plus for $1,600. Checks show that a
top-of-the-line 128GB iPhone 6 Plus at the online Apple shop costs $1,448.

But after Miss Zhou signed the "contract", she said the staff told her
that she needed to fork out an additional $2,400 for a two-year
insurance policy for the phone. "They did not tell me there was such a
clause in the contract before I signed it," she said.

"But as I had signed the contract, I could not leave with the phone
without paying the extra cost. They would not return the $1,600 that I
had paid."

After much haggling, the staff agreed to give her a $1,000 discount, she
said. Miss Zhou reluctantly paid the $3,000 and left.

*REFUSED*

The next day, she filed a complaint with the Small Claims Tribunal,
which eventually ruled that the shop refund her $1,010.

Miss Zhou said that when she went to the shop five times over the last
month, the staff would not refund her money.

"They gave all sorts of excuses. They told me they would only pay on Oct
17, or that their boss was not around. "I had to fly back to China on
Oct 1. While I was away, my aunt went there on my behalf on two
occasions, but they said I would have to turn up in person."

She returned to Singapore last Thursday, and on Tuesday, she went to the
shop with her aunt to collect her refund. That was when she was
presented with the huge bag of coins.

The coins were in all denominations, including five cents, she said.

Miss Zhou claimed the shop assistants threw the bag on the floor and
told her to count the coins there.

They taunted her and made fun of her as she did so, she said.

"It was humiliating. There were five guys. I was scared and didn't know
what to do. So I called the police," she said.

Police officers arrived as Miss Zhou was picking up the coins. As the
officers stood by, the shop assistants allowed her to count the money on
the counter.

She said it took her almost three hours to count about $550 worth of
coins. A police spokesman said they received a call for assistance at
about 2.25pm on Tuesday.

A dispute had broken out, but no further police assistance was required,
he added.

Said Miss Zhou: "It was only when reporters arrived at the scene that
the shop owner got worried. "He told me if I got rid of the reporters,
he would return the rest of the money, including the five-cent coins, in
notes."

A shop assistant who declined to be named told Shin Min Daily News that
the staff had informed Miss Zhou to collect her refund on Oct 17.

But she did not turn up that day, so his boss changed the money to coins
and kept them in the shop.
  unique_identifier
﻿ Sim Lim Square shop owner can't explain why he paid in coins

Elizabeth LawThe New Paper Sunday, Nov 02, 2014


Sim Lim Square shop owner can't explain why he paid in coins
Mr Chew evaded the question of why he had paid in coins and showed TNP a
video of Ms Liu throwing the bag of coins on the floor outside the shop.


The owner of a Sim Lim Square shop who refunded a customer $1,010 in
coins, gave his side of the story yesterday.

The New Paper reported yesterday that a student, who wished to be known
only as Ms Zhou, was refunded $1,010 in coins and that shop staff
members taunted her and her aunt, Ms Liu, as they counted the money.


Mr Jover Chew, owner of Mobile Air, however, claimed that the Chinese
national and her aunt were difficult customers, and that he and his
workers had tried to handle the situation as best they could.

On Sept 24, the women visited the shop to buy an iPhone 6 Plus but after
signing a "contract", they were shocked to find out they had to pay
another $2,400 for two years of "insurance", bringing the price of the
phone to $4,000.

This "insurance" meant that if the phone was damaged, the customer could
exchange it for a new one.


There were also freebies such as phone accessories and a 24-inch
flatscreen TV included in the "bundle", Mr Chew claimed.

Asked if he had told this to Ms Zhou, he said he did not have a chance
to do so. Despite the price being lowered to $3,000 after haggling, Mr
Chew claimed the women still called the police.

"One woman (Ms Liu) wanted to take a chair and smash my counter in front
of the police," he claimed.

After Ms Zhou lodged a complaint with the Small Claims Tribunal the next
day, the shop was ordered to refund Ms Zhou $1,000. An additional $10
was for administrative fees.

Mobile Air was ordered to pay up by Oct 17.

Mr Chew claimed that Ms Liu turned up at the shop "twice before Oct 17",
but without Ms Zhou.

"How can we just give her the money like that? Then on Oct 17, she came
with an 'authorisation letter' in Chinese. This is Singapore, you know.
All our official documents are in English," he added.


On Oct 28, Ms Liu returned with Ms Zhou, but Mr Chew said the notes had
been changed to coins by then.

When pressed thrice on why he had paid in coins, Mr Chew evaded the
question and said Ms Zhou and Ms Liu could have rejected the coins if
they did not want them.

"There was no need to be rude and use vulgarities," he said.

He showed TNP a six-second video on his mobile phone where Ms Liu could
be seen tussling with a shop staff member over the bag of coins, her
voice raised.

  unique_identifier
﻿ Man who paid $19,000 in coins says he was overcharged

Published on Nov 6, 2014 9:54 PM
 Mr Lester Ong, the man who dumped $19,000 worth of coins at a car
    showroom said the dealership was "toying" with him. 
By Chew Hui Min

SINGAPORE - The man who dumped $19,000 worth of coins at a car showroom
said the dealership was "toying" with him.

Mr Lester Ong, said to be the son of a nasi lemak franchise owner, was
ordered by the court to pay Exotic Motors $11,000 owed to them, and
$8,000 in lawyer fees. The payment came in the form of coins, poured
from a styrofoam box that had been used to store fish.

Mr Ong reportedly owed Exotic Motors the money for repairs to an Aston
Martin that the car dealer was to resell for him, and road tax that they
paid for the sports car.

It all began in 2010 when Mr Ong wanted to trade in the blue Aston
Martin V8 Vantage that he had bought for $550,000 for a new Bentley GT
which costs about $770,000, The New Paper reported. Mr Ong was to top up
the difference. In the meantime, Mr Ong continuted paying for the Aston
Martin's road tax and insurance. 

In an agreement they entered into in 2011, Exotic Motors was to bear the
costs for the Aston Martin, and deduct the cost from the final amount
when it was sold, Mr Ong said.

Later, Mr Ong withdrew the Aston Martin from Exotic Motors sold the
supercar to another dealer, prompting a law suit from Exotic to recover
the cost of maintaining the car.

However, Exotic Motor's owner Tang Siu Tong disputes Mr Ong's version of
events, and said he was a difficult customer.

Mr Ong, 34, told his side of the story to Chinese newspaper Shin Min
Daily News on Thursday, and accused Exotic Motirs of overcharging him
for unnecessary repairs.

He said prior to handing the car over to the dealership, he had already
made some repairs to the car. Repairs to the car's taillights, brake
lights and door handles had amounted to $2,947.

"My car was in perfect condition, and it was parked in the showroom, it
should not have any problems," he told Shin Min.

Later, Exotic Motors asked him to spruce up the car further so that it
could be sold more quickly, and he agreed.

"The taillights were just changed four months ago, but they changed them
again for another $2,900," he said.

Mr Ong said he would not have let the matter go if they sold the car for
him, but it remained unsold for a year and a half.

"They were toying with me, and took me for a fool!" he said, adding that
the car was sold soon after he switched to another car dealer.

According to Mr Ong's affidavit, he denied asking Exotic Motors to make
repairs to the car, or to pay the car's road tax.

Mr Ong also told The New Paper that the box containing the coins broke
while they were entering the showroom, and he tipped them on the floor
because he wanted his trolley back.

Exotic Motors on Thursday also attempted to return the coins to Mr Ong's
lawyer, but were rejected.
  unique_identifier
﻿SHOW OF UNHAPPINESS: Mr Ong dumped $19,000 worth of coins at Mr Tang's
car showroom office on Tuesday to settle a car dispute.
PHOTO: LIANHE WANBAO

Published on Nov 06, 2014


    Unwelcome payout: $19k in smelly coins

IT IS a case of deja vu but on a much larger scale.

The son of a nasi lemak chain's owner was ordered by a court to pay his
car dealer friend $19,000 over a car dispute. But on Tuesday, he ended
up paying the amount in 350kg worth of coins with a fishy smell,
recalling an incident last week in which a Sim Lim Square mobile phone
store gave a customer a refund of more than $1,000 in coins.

The man, 34, who wanted to be known only as Mr Ong, told Shin Min Daily
News yesterday that he paid in coins because he wanted to make a strong
statement to express his unhappiness.

Mr Ong said he was unhappy with the court verdict and the actions of the
car dealer, Sylvester Tang. He said he believed that paying in coins was
not against the law.

When contacted, senior lawyer Amolat Singh said that according to the
law, cash in small denominations cannot be used for large payments.

Coins of a denomination smaller than 50 cents - such as 5-cent, 10-cent
and 20-cent coins - will be accepted only for an amount not exceeding
$2. Payments of an amount not exceeding $10 can be made using 50-cent
coins.

Mr Ong, through his lawyer, had earlier told Mr Tang that he would be
paying the compensation in cash, Mr Tang told Shin Min.

Mr Ong dropped by Mr Tang's car showroom at 2pm on Tuesday. Mr Tang was
not in at the time, but he said Mr Ong behaved arrogantly and fiercely
requested that his employee sign a receipt.

After signing it, Mr Tang's staff member said a worker of Mr Ong used a
trolley to deliver a styrofoam box filled with coins and smelling of fish.

According to closed-circuit television footage from Mr Tang's showroom,
Mr Ong dumped the coins from the box on the showroom carpet before
leaving with the box and trolley.

"My employee tried to catch up to explain that he could not accept the
coins, but Mr Ong said he had paid up and insisted on leaving," said Mr
Tang, who added that his company called the police after that.

He said a strange smell permeated the showroom after the incident and
customers would not step in, affecting his business. When Shin Min
visited the showroom, there was a strange smell in the air.

Mr Tang's lawyer advised him to take photos as evidence and to keep the
coins in plastic bags. Lianhe Wanbao said the coins filled 16 bags and
weighed more than 350kg.

Mr Tang said the coins reeked and many of them were 20-cent coins.
However, there were also Malaysian and Thai coins.

He kept the coins in his car boot and was expected to return the coins
to Mr Ong's lawyer yesterday.

But where did the coins come from?

Mr Ong told Shin Min that they were from his and his father's coffeeshop
business. The styrofoam box used to transport the coins had been used to
store fish.

When contacted, Mr Ong's father said he was not aware of what his son
had done.

"Now that I've heard about this incident, I'm very angry. If I'd known,
I would have scolded him and stopped him," said the older Mr Ong, who
added that he has always gone by the book when doing business and that
his son should not have paid in coins.
  unique_identifier
﻿Texas Man Cashes in Over 80,000 Pennies

« »
An 81-year-old Texas man deposited $816 in pennies, weighing nearly 500
pounds, collected over 65 years. Ira Keys, from Slaton, says he hasn't
spent a penny since he was 17 years old. "He says, 'Whatever you do son,
save your money,'" Keys told NBC affiliate KCBD. "Back when I started in
'52, I didn't have a lot of money, so I saved pennies and I just kept
saving them." (Published Tuesday, Jan 20, 2015)
Updated at 2:12 PM EST on Tuesday, Jan 20, 2015

An 81-year-old man in Texas is $816 richer because he saved pennies for
over six decades.

Ira Keys, of Slaton, made a deposit of 80,000 pennies that he had been
saving for 65 years, according to NBC affiliate KCBD of Lubbock.
Keys' collection weighed in at about 500 pounds.


Employees at Prosperity Bank took over an hour to count the collection
of 81,600 pennies, KCBD reported.

Keys said that he hasn't spent a penny since 1952 because of advice his
father gave him.


"He says, 'Whatever you do son, save your money,'" Keys told KCBD. "Back
when I started in '52, I didn't have a lot of money, so I saved pennies
and I just kept saving them."

A personal banker at Prosperity Bank said she had never before seen so
many pennies being deposited.

"We take pennies for granted," Kari Lewis told KCBD. "You see them on
the ground and you're kind of like, 'Oh, I'm not picking that up,' but
for him to collect it for years and years was pretty amazing."
  unique_identifier
  Man paid in coins for the $8,000 car

It was mind scratching moment for the car dealer when they received bag
of coins as the payment of the newly car which a customer bought.

According to the report, the (51,800 Yuan) car worth almost $8,000 was
bought by the Chinese customer but before buying he even warned the
salesman that he was going to pay the money in some unusual way before
confirming the order.

The salesman thought that this unusual way would include old or small
notes but all went completely wrong.

Salesman said “He said he’ll pay in petty cash. I thought it was old and
small notes, but never expected it to be all in small denomination coins”.

The bag of coins included 0.1 Yuan, 0.5 Yuan, and 1 Yuan coins and it
took eight people to count the money spending whole afternoon.
  unique_identifier
﻿Texas Man Arrested After Attempt To Pay Taxes With Dollar Bills


A Wichita Falls man made news last week when he was arrested while
trying to pay his property taxes.

Only there’s a little bit more to the story than that. The 27-year old
Texan, Timothy Andrew Norris, arrived in person at the Wichita County
Courthouse to pay his $600 property tax with individual dollar bills –
only there was a twist. Or, er, a fold. Norris had allegedly folded
each bill so tightly that it “required tax office personnel
approximately six minutes to unfold each bill.”

If you’re doing the math, that means that it would take 3,600 minutes –
or 60 hours, longer than a work week – to unfold the bills.

Tax Assessor Collector Tommy Smyth said that the spectacle brought work
in the office to a halt so he asked Norris to leave. Norris refused and
was eventually arrested and charged with criminal trespass. As you can
imagine, Norris was none too happy about being arrested and attempted to
break away from the arresting officer, earning him an additional charge
of resisting arrest.

Norris might have been agitated because he was cutting it a bit close.
According to the “official online window on state government service from the Texas
Comptroller of Public Accounts,” most counties and/or municipalities
usually mail their tax bills in October. The final deadline for payment
is generally February 1, after which a payment is considered delinquent.
Norris arrived at the courthouse before the delinquency date – on
January 28 – to pay his taxes which means that he was still on time.

Texas makes it clear that cash is an acceptable form of payment for
property taxes. At Section 31.06 of the
Texas Code:

    A collector shall accept United States currency or a check or money
    order in payment of taxes and shall accept payment by credit card or
    electronic funds transfer.

The same is true for the feds. There is no law that says you have to pay
your taxes by check, credit card or by using the largest bills possible.
By federal law, at Section 31 U.S.C. 5103, you can pay your taxes
in coins and currency:

    United States coins and currency (including Federal reserve notes
    and circulating notes of Federal reserve banks and national banks)
    are legal tender for all debts, public charges, taxes, and dues.

You may not want to try this at home. When you pay your taxes in cash,
you’ll need proof of payment, which means you need a receipt. If you
make it difficult for your payment to be counted, you might not get that
receipt. The tax office isn’t staying open extra hours to count your
money – nor do they have an obligation to do so. I’m guessing that you
could make the argument that the tax office is required to count your
cash every day until they have a total (and therefore a receipt) for
you. In the case of Mr. Norris, assuming that they put a staffer on
unfolding and counting his cash payment every day, it would take over a
week to process, likely making Mr. Norris’ tax payment late.

Of course, we weren’t in the tax assessor’s office that day but I’m
guessing Norris didn’t offer to come back the next day. Again, we don’t
know what happened exactly. We just know it didn’t end well.

It’s not the first time a taxpayer has attempted to settle up with
singles. In 2013, Robert Fernandes, of Forks Township, Pennsylvania,
took his wife and children – and $7,143.54 in cash – to the tax
collector and paid in single dollar bills. And, just to make sure that
he made his point, he posted the whole thing on YouTube:  unique_identifier
﻿Last updated: *February 04, 2015 *

 Man tries to pay Adelaide City Council parking fine with 5c pieces -
  and posts results on LiveLeak

  * by: DANIEL PIOTROWSKI
  * From: news.com.au
  * September 16, 2013 11:40AM

  
      Man tries to shortchange council
    
An Adelaide man films himself attempting to pay a $60 fine in 5c coins.
Courtesy Liveleak

Man tries to pay fine with 5c coins

The fine remains outstanding ... A still from the video of the incident.

*NICE try, anonymous Adelaide man. *

A cranky recipient of a $60 parking fine nearly got his revenge on
Adelaide City Council last Friday when he attempted to pay his
outstanding fee with 1200 five-cent coins.

"Can I have a receipt, please?" the belligerent gentleman asked, pouring
the contents of his sizeable coin sack over the receptionist's counter
at the council offices.

But the council's receptionist got her revenge, insisting she could not
process the petty currency.

That's because, according to Australian law, payments made with 5c coins
can legally be refused for transactions greater than $5. Probably to
stop shenanigans just like this one.

"You're part of a corporation I don't want to deal with," the man said
as he left the building. He even pushed the coins over the counter at her.

"I paid. I'm out. Bye. I gave you the money."

A council spokesman confirmed the incident occurred at their customer
service centre last Friday.

And the man, who posted a video of his failed stunt on *LiveLeak, still has a bill to pay.

"We will be sending the customer a letter to communicate the fine
remains outstanding and his money is being held in the safe," the
spokesman added.  unique_identifier
