 Man repays $500,000 in insurance awarded for death of son with four
  tonnes of quarters

      The quarters were in 150 separate bags each weighing 50 pounds and
      containing $1,000 worth of quarters

Rob Williams

Friday 02 August 2013

A US man angry at having to repay $500,000 insurance money he received
after the death of his son in a car crash caused chaos at law offices in
Southern Illinois after he decided to pay $150,000 of it in quarters.

Roger Herrin's son Michael died in a car crash in 2001. He was in the
vehicle with three other people when it was hit by a truck that failed
to stop at an junction.

Michael Herrin was the only one of four passengers who died so his
father received the bulk of the $800,000 settlement from the car's insurers.

Mr Herrin also received $1.65 million in other insurance payments.

However, the other families involved in the incident contested the
damages and a legal battle ensued.

Following the row Mr Herrin was ordered to return $500,000 of the money.

Mr Herrin delivered part of the payment via truck to the local law
offices in Southern Illinois.

The quarters were in 150 separate bags each weighing 50 lbs and
containing $1,000 worth of quarters.

When asked the reason why he paid in quarters Mr Herrin told WSIL:
"Because I couldn't do it in pennies."

"They can have all the money in the world, and I'd take my son back,”
Herrin told WSIL. “To support, my deceased son and ex-wife, I have to
fight it to the very end, and this is the final end.”  unique_identifier
﻿ The Penny Protest


    A Frederick man wants to change rising taxes with…change


      By John Wist 

Cupped hands full of coins
Updated at 2:46 PM EST on Friday, Aug 6, 2010

You know those people who pay for everything with exact change, counting
out every penny. It seems like it takes an eternity, but they’re not
willing to pay any other way. Well one Frederick, Md., man was dead set on paying one
particular bill with change -- his taxes.

Joe Schmidtlein  took several bags of
coins he had been collecting for years to the Frederick County Treasury last week to pay for his
property taxes. He told the Frederick News-Post the
thousands of coins were meant to send a message.



“I figured I might as well put (the coins) to use,” Schmidtlein told the
News-Post.
“Take it to the man, the tax man.”

Basically, Schmidtlein is tired of his taxes going up. Aren’t we all!
For the record, Schmidtlein, property taxes went up this year from
$5,012 to $5,174.


Frederick County said that they accept coins and cash as payment, but
the clerk has to count every coin, and the person paying with change has
to stay and watch the coins be counted. Seems to us like the county
wanted them to have a little taste of their own medicine.

Not only that, but the county won’t authorize overtime for a clerk to
count the coins. That means if the counting continues until closing time
or the end of the shift, the person paying would have to come back for
day two of “sticking it to the man!” That’ll teach ‘em.

Schmidtlein decided he didn’t want to wait around that long and
ultimately wrote a check. But he did take the coins to a counter and
found out he had $966.86 in coins.

Lori Depies , the Frederick County Treasury
Director, told the News-Post that
someone tries to pay with coins as a statement about once a year. The
tactic is questionable considering the penny protest winds up costing
county employees hours of time in counting, she said.

“They’re wasting government resources to do this,” Depies told the
News-Post. “So they’re really
punishing themselves and other taxpayers at the end of the day.”

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  unique_identifier
﻿New Jersey Man Launches Protest With Pennies

/August 19, 2010 10:50 AM/
Pennies are seen in a pile - Des Plaines, IL - Jul 6, 2006 - Photo: Tim

*LYNDHURST, NJ (WCBS 880) -* Sam Corkin hopes big changes will come
about from his small change. He’s had it with property tax increases in
Lyndhurst, as WCBS 880’s Sean Adams reports.

“I didn’t want to make a sign and protest,” Corkin he told Sean Adams.
“So, I protested with pennies, nickels, dimes, and quarters!”

He filled a black plastic bucket with $385.66 (the amount of his latest
increase) and marched down to the tax collector’s office.

Corkin says he was told “You’re short.” and replied “No. No. It’s in the
bucket here.”

The tax collector wouldn’t accept the loose change. Corkin had to go to
the bank to get cash.

The retired computer system designer wanted to drive home a point about
senior citizens trying to keep up with tax increases.

The mayor tells The Record that they are going to try to reassess home
values.  unique_identifier
﻿Pennies used to protest tax bill

County says it will accept coins under ‘reasonable standards'


Ron Spears


Posted: Thursday, August 26, 2010 4:00 pm

Pennies used to protest tax bill
By MARY SWIFT staff writer The Daily Record | 11 comments


CLE ELUM—A penny for your thoughts?

How about 33,000 pennies to pay your past due personal property tax bill?

That's what Cle Elum's Ron Spears toted into the Kittitas County
Treasurer's Office in buckets on a hand truck Tuesday to pay a past due
bill for $330.

Spears, a businessman who owns Spears Interiors in Cle Elum and who also
serves on the Cle Elum City Council, says like many other small business
owners he's been struggling to stay afloat in a down economy. Spears
ignored a personal property tax bill for $34 that was due in April.

"It was my fault," he said. "To be honest I just didn't have the money."

Late payments are subject to interest and penalties and personal
property taxpayers are sent three notices before risking a type of
foreclosure called distraint that can cause a taxpayer to lose his property.

Deanna Panattoni, Kittitas County treasurer, says when Spears didn't pay
his taxes in April he received a delinquent notice in June and a second
notice in July. When he didn't respond, her office mailed a notice of
distraint on Aug. 6.

By then, his $34 tax bill increased to $330.

Spears said a letter he got from the county demanding payment by Aug. 30
specified that he could pay with cash, a cashier's check or a money order.

Spears chose cash - only it wasn't the kind the county had in mind.

He went to a Cle Elum bank, got machine-rolled rolls of pennies and took
them to county Treasurer Deanna Pannattoni's office.

"I did it as a protest," he said. "I think charging 10 times the amount
you owe, almost all of it in fees, is outrageous."

Spears said a clerk in Panattoni's office began counting the rolls of
pennies but then Panattoni came out and said she couldn't accept the
rolls of pennies.

This is where the two stories separate.

"She told me there could be ‘plugs' (which would make them appear to be
full rolls when they weren't) and that she couldn't accept them," he says.

*Options offered*

Panattoni, who says she doesn't have the resources to have her staff
count 33,000 pennies, says she offered him options, including unrolling
and counting the pennies there. She says she also offered to accompany
him to a bank to have them counted or to have a security guard accompany
him to a bank to be counted.

Spears says he told her they'd already been counted by the bank where
he'd gotten them. Panattoni, in a prepared release, says Spears "angrily
refused these options creating such a disturbance that he had to be
removed by a security guard."

Spears says he didn't raise his voice.

"That makes me mad," he said. "That is so inflated."

Spears went to the prosecuting attorney's office where a staff member
met with him. Panattoni says the staff member explained "that a
government agency has reasonable discretion to determine how payment is
received."

The issue of whether a government agency must accept pennies as payment
was the subject of a "featured inquiry" at the website
for the Municipal
Research and Services Center of Washington (MSRC)
 published on July
23 of this year, Panattoni said in her prepared statement.

"The opinion states that a city or county may set reasonable limits on
the acceptance of loose coins in payment of amounts due," she said in
her prepared statement. "Several Washington jurisdictions will accept no
more than $2 in coinage as payment of citizen obligations."

Spears says he meant his act as a citizen protest. But the whole thing
would have been avoided if one of two things had happened, he says.

"As far as I've been able to figure out, pennies are still legal
tender," he said. "If there had been a footnote on that letter saying
they would not accept coins then I wouldn't have even bothered doing it."

He says if Panattoni had taken the time to explain that there'd been an
opinion about under what conditions and how much coinage a county had to
accept, that would have been different. He says she didn't do that.

Panattoni says the incident doesn't mean her office won't accept coins
in payment, just that a taxpayer has to "conform to reasonable
standards" such as those offered by her office.

"I can handle four or five rolls," she said in a phone conversation
Wednesday afternoon. "But if somebody brings coins in on a hand truck I
can't handle it."

Spears, who says he risks losing the tools he needs for work, says he
will pay the bill in more a conventional manner by the deadline.
  unique_identifier
﻿Pay Your Tax Bill in Coins and Small Bills

by Ryan Guina 
Indiana resident Cary Malchow, protested Indiana’s rising property taxes
by making his property tax payment in cash. Statewide, Indiana property
taxes rose an average of *24% *over the last year. Malchow paid over
$12,000 in pennies, nickels, dimes, quarters, and dollar bills. The
$12,000 covered only half the annual property taxes for his residence,
business, and rental properties.

Yahoo! has a video segment and interview and shows Malchow dragging the money through the halls of the county’s
treasury department. On the Yahoo! video, he stated he would make his
next payment in cash as well. The video also shows the county treasurer
getting upset with Malchow and telling him to take it out of there and
bring it back as a normal payment. He refused.

Apparently the county does not have any policy in place against payment
in cash, so they were required to accept the payment. It took all three
treasury office workers over an hour to count the cash by hand, while
others waited in line. The treasury also had to hire a security guard to
transport the cash.

Cash is legal tender for all debts public and private, so I’m pretty
sure the county was required to accept the payment. This unorthodox
payment did cause other problems for the county, as well. The county was
not able to make its deposit Monday night and missed out on over $1,100
in interest!

Personally, I wouldn’t do anything along those lines, but sometimes a
little civil disobedience goes a long way!

*Note:* Think twice about doing this for your taxes. Carrying around
large sums of cash is not always the safest thing to do, and it if is
lost or stolen, you have no recourse to recover your funds. ;)
  unique_identifier
 Man uses pennies to pay $6,500 credit card bill

March 15, 2011 12:00:00 AM PDT
MIRA MESA, Calif. --
A San Diego County man created a bit of a problem when he went to pay
off a $6,500 credit card bill with pennies.

Thierry Cahez loaded the pennies into his van, all 650,000 of them
rolled in plastic and put in crates. He then drove the pennies to his
bank in Mira Mesa and unloaded them.

The man said the bank turned him away several times. Eventually, he was
sent to a branch with a bigger vault that could handle all the coins.

Cahez said he decided to pay his credit card bill with pennies because
he was upset with his bank over a refinance he couldn't get, and charges
and fees on his card.  unique_identifier
*Man pays off credit card with pennies* | March. 16, 2011

Posted on *03/17/2011 7:49:02 AM PDT* by *JoeProBono* 

MIRA MESA, Calif.- A California man upset with his bank for disallowing
his requested refinance said he decided to pay off his $6,500 credit
card bill entirely with pennies.

Thierry Cahez of San Diego County rolled 650,000 pennies in plastic,
loaded them into crates and drove the lot to his Mira Mesa bank,
KABC-TV, Los Angeles, reported.

Cahez was turned away by the bank several times but eventually was sent
to a branch with a vault large enough to handle the coins.

Cahez said he opted to pay his credit card bill with pennies because he
was turned down for a refinance and for the amount of charges and fees
on his credit card, KABC-TV said Tuesday.  unique_identifier
﻿Man Pays Credit Card Debt at Chase Bank With Pennies - Atlanta
Bankruptcy Law News

Man Pays Credit Card Debt at Chase Bank With Pennies

By Laura Fishman on March 18, 2011 3:03 PM

A man who was frustrated by the charges and fees and on his Chase credit
card decided that he would get revenge on Chase Bank by paying off his
$6,500 of credit card debt with pennies. That’s right, ABC
News reported that a California business owner named Thirry Chahez
decided that he would pay the bill with 650,000 pennies and
not one cent more.

This story shows how every penny really does add up when trying to pay
bills. Perhaps Atlanta consumers can pay off their debts quicker just by
hanging on to their loose change or by being a bit more frugal with
individual purchases. Chahez made quite a statement this week by walking
into the bank with crates full of individual rolls of pennies.

At first, Chase reportedly turned Chahez and his pennies away by saying
that their branch didn't have the capacity to accept such a payment. But
eventually the business owner was able to deposit his money and pay off
the full balance of his credit card debt when he went to a different
branch with a bigger vault.

The law in this country is a little hard to understand when it comes to
paying off your debts with cold hard cash. Section 102 of the Coinage
Act of 1965 (Title 31 United States Code, Section 392 states that all coins
and currencies of the United States can be used to pay for debts, public
charges, taxes, duties and dues. However, there is no federal law that
says that private businesses have to accept cash as a form of payment.
So, if you are going to pull a Thirry Chahez and try to pay your credit
card debt or maybe your phone bill in pennies, don't be surprised if the
company gives you a hard time.

Even so, it still helps to save your pennies, you never know.  unique_identifier
Police cite Vernal man accused of paying bill with 2,500 pennies

Follow @GeoffLiesik <https://twitter.com/GeoffLiesik>

Published: Friday, June 3 2011 8:02 p.m. MDT

Summary

A Vernal man has been charged with disorderly conduct after police say
he caused alarm when he paid for a disputed medical bill in pennies.

VERNAL  A Vernal man has been charged with disorderly conduct after
police say he caused alarm when he paid for a disputed medical bill in
pennies.

On May 27, Jason West went to Basin Clinic prepared to dispute an
outstanding bill, according to Assistant Vernal Police Chief Keith
Campbell. West, 38, apparently did not believe he owed the clinic the
$25 it said he did.

After asking if they accepted cash, West dumped 2,500 pennies onto the
counter and demanded that they count it, Campbell said. The pennies
were strewn about the counter and the floor.

The incident upset clinic staff, said Campbell, adding that West's
behavior served "no legitimate purpose."

Clinic staff told West they were calling police and he left the office.
Officers caught up with West later and issued him a citation for
disorderly conduct, an infraction, which carries a potential fine of $140.

The case will be heard in Vernal City Justice Court.
  unique_identifier
﻿Utah
man charged with disorderly conduct for trying to pay doctor's bill with
2,500 pennies



  Utah man charged with disorderly conduct for trying to pay doctor's
  bill with 2,500 pennies

BY Philip Caulfield
DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

Sunday, June 5th 2011, 10:59 AM

A Utah man was charged with disorderly conduct after he tried to pay a
$25 doctor bill with 2,500 pennies.
Susan Watts/News
A Utah man was charged with disorderly conduct after he tried to pay a
$25 doctor bill with 2,500 pennies.


      Take our Poll


        Chump change

Should the clinic have accepted the pennies as payment?

	Of course. Pennies are money!
	No, it was a dumb stunt. He deserved to be fined.
	Only if he rolled them up.
	I don't care.


A Utah man
was slapped with a disorderly conduct charge for attempting to pay his
doctor bill -- with 2,500 pennies.

Jason West, 38,
showed up at the Basin Clinic in Vernal, Utah, late last month to
dispute a $25 charge, the Deseret News reported.

"After asking if they accepted cash, West dumped 2,500 pennies onto the
counter and demanded that they count it," Police Chief Keith Campbell
told the newspaper. "The pennies were strewn about the counter and the
floor."

When the clinic staff freaked out and called the cops, West fled the office.

Police tracked him down later and gave him the citation, which carries a
potential fine of $140.

West wasn't the first person to try to settle a bill using small change
this year to send a message.

In January, a University of Colorado student paid his $14,000 spring tuition in one dollar bills.

The student, Nic Ramos, said
he pulled the stunt to draw attention to the high cost of college.

  unique_identifier
﻿

    Man Gets Cited For Paying A Disputed Medical Bill Of $25 Dollars
    With Pennies
June 6, 2011 —


We understand that sometimes we all will have to pay a fine or bill that
we just don’t agree on. As the founder of this site i can’t think of one
speeding ticket that i enjoyed paying and had i not read the following
article this may have been an option in payment if i didn’t think the
outcome could happen to me.

/Huffington Post/

    VERNAL, Utah — A Utah man has been cited on a charge of disorderly
    conduct after paying for a disputed medical bill with 2,500 pennies.

    The Deseret News of Salt Lake City reports Jason West went to Basin
    Clinic in Vernal on May 27 prepared to dispute an outstanding $25 bill.

    Assistant Vernal Police Chief Keith Campbell says that after asking
    staff members whether they accepted cash, West dumped 2,500 pennies
    on the counter and demanded that staff count them.

    Campbell says the incident upset staff because pennies were strewn
    about the counter and floor, and West’s action served “no legitimate
    purpose.”

    Police later issued the 38-year-old West a citation for disorderly
    conduct. That carries a fine of as much as $140. Or 14,000 pennies.

/ /

Now despite whether or not we feel that the police who wrote the
citation were not only haters but also douche bags ( just calling a
spade a spade) it takes nothing away from the fact that had he not been
written a citation for disorderly conductand fined $140 he and we might
think that he had won. Won the battle against bullsh*t bills and poor
customer service. But instead his effort was foiled and the haters won,
twice.

  unique_identifier
﻿ Man Pays Medical Bill With 2,500 Pennies, Gets $140 Fine

By Jenny Wilson June 06,2011

Out of 2,500 pennies, this Utah man didn’t get one lucky one.

Jason West, 38, of Vernal, Utah, has been charged with disorderly
conduct after trying to pay a $25 disputed medical bill entirely in pennies.

West didn’t believe he owed Basin Clinic money, so decided to settle an
outstanding bill by dumping 2,500 pennies onto the counter, an action
that disrupted clinic routine and caused coins to spill across the
counter and floor.


Assistant Vernal Police Chief Keith Campbell told the Salt Lake City
/Deseret News/
that the incident, “served no legitimate purpose.”  Do /pennies/ serve
any legitimate purpose? At least here they helped prove a point.

But it turns out that West’s actions may cost him more than 2,500
pennies: his disorderly conduct citation could cost him up to $140. Is
it okay to pay that with 1,400 dimes?
  unique_identifier
Peeved patient proud of penny protest
By Geoff Liesik, Deseret News

Jason West explains how his frustration over a disputed $25 medical bill
led him to pay Basin Clinic in pennies  2,500 of them on Sunday June 5,
2011. The Vernal man was cited on May 31, 2011, for disorderly conduct 
not for paying in pennies, according to police  but for the manner in
which he did it.

Geoff Liesik, Uintah Basin Standard


          Police cite Vernal man accused of paying bill with 2,500
          pennies
       
VERNAL  It's fair to say it was his cents of humor that brought Jason
West to the attention of the coppers.

It's also fair to say that  despite the criminal charge he's now facing
 the Vernal man wouldn't change what he did when he couldn't make heads
or tails of a $25 billing dispute with his doctor's office.

Vernal police, responding to a signed complaint from Basin Clinic, cited
West with disorderly conduct on May 31. West is accused of unnecessarily
causing alarm when he unloaded 2,500 pennies onto a receptionist's
counter at the clinic to settle his bill.

Officers emphasized that West wasn't cited for paying in pennies, but
for the manner in which he did it. Police photos, released Tuesday
through a public records request, support Assistant Vernal Police Chief
Keith Campbell's statement last week that pennies were strewn about the
counter and the floor. West's actions served no legitimate purpose,
Campbell said.

I would say that I had a legitimate purpose and it was to resolve a
billing dispute and pay it, West said, and to protest how I'd been
treated.

Basin Clinic's doctors issued a brief statement Tuesday saying the
clinic has "always accepted all legal currency as payment.

We will not tolerate pennies or any other objects being thrown at our
employees, the statement said.

West denies acting aggressively toward any clinic staffer, including the
billing clerk he says refused to help him during the past month while he
tried to resolve his questions about a $25 co-pay he claims he paid in
December.

I didn't at any time yell at them, West said, referring to the May 27
visit that landed him in hot water. I didn't go on a rant. I wasn't irate.

West maintains that he calmly asked the billing clerk, Do you take
cash? He was prepared to pay with his debit card, he said, but found
out that wasn't necessary.

She very haughtily said, 'Well, yes we do,' West said. So I said,
'Lucky for me, I happen to have it on me.'

The police report from the incident states that West told clinic workers
he was 'sorry' for what he was about to do and dumped pennies from a
cardboard box, which was found in the clinic waiting room, on the front
counter.

West, however, says he had carried the 14 pounds of loose pennies in a
large bowl inside a black plastic sack. He admits to pouring them onto
the top counter. Some of the coins, he acknowledges, spilled onto the
desk below where the receptionist was seated and onto the floor.

That's just the nature of pennies, he said. They're round.

There were people in the waiting room who witnessed the incident, but
West maintains that no one appeared to be upset by his actions.

There was giggles and snickers and outright laughter, he said.

West added that he never demanded that someone count out his penny
payment. He did ask for a receipt and said he told the billing clerk,
I'm willing to wait if you want to count them so you can make sure you
got every penny.

West said the woman told the receptionist to write out a receipt and
then told him she was calling the police to have him removed from the
building. West wasn't there, however, when an officer arrived.

The girl handed me my receipt, I had no more business with them and I
left, he said, noting that he lives about four blocks from the clinic
and wasn't contacted by a police officer for about five hours.

By then, West was more than an hour away, heading to a Memorial Day
weekend gathering with family. He offered to return to Vernal
immediately to meet with the officer, but said he was told that wasn't
necessary. He finally met with the officer May 31, the day he was cited.

West said he wasn't trying to harm anyone or cause alarm; he was only
trying to show his frustration over the poor customer service he
believes he received from the clinic's billing department, and do it in
a humorous way.

I did stand-up comedy in college, he said. This is how I deal with
stress. I make jokes.

As for the $64,000 question  or rather the 6,400,000 penny question?
West says he will not pay his $140 fine in one-cent pieces, if he's
ultimately convicted of the disorderly conduct charge.

I recognize my place, he said. I recognize it's a court of law and I
have respect for the legal process.

E-mail: geoff@ubstandard.com <mailto:geoff@ubstandard.com>
  unique_identifier
﻿The Upshot


  Penny offense: Man fined for paying fee in pennies

By Claudine Zap June 6, 2011 5:08 PM
The Upshot </blogs/upshot/>

 
No lucky pennies here: Police have charged Jason West, an aggrieved
medical patient in Vernal, Utah, with disorderly conduct
His alleged crime? Attempting to pay a disputed medical bill of $25
entirely in pennies.

The story, reported in the Salt Lake City Deseret News
describes the "penny offense" this way: West, 38, did not believe he
owed the medical clinic $25 but came in to pay the fee in person. He
first asked the clinic staff if the facility accepted cash payments, and
then dumped 2,500 pennies onto the counter and demanded that they be
counted.

But West apparently hadn't counted on the clinic calling the police; the
arresting officer contended that West's protest served "no legitimate
purpose." The charge carries a fine that can go as high as $140--and
there's no word as yet on what currency West will use to pay it.

West isn't alone in the ranks of penny protesters. A wise guy in
Frederick, Maryland, showed up at the county clerk's office last summer with bags of cash to pay off
his tax bill with $966.86 in change.

And a New Jersey school district a few years back punished 29 students
 who paid for their $2 school
lunches in pennies--possibly as a prank--with two-day detentions. After
parents protested, the students were pardoned. The school explained that
the use of the small change slowed down the lunch line.


  unique_identifier
﻿Man Who Paid $25 Bill In Pennies Is Proud

By Ben Popken June 7, 2011

A man who made a scene when he voiced his dissatisfaction with a
clinic’s billing department by paying a $25 disputed bill in all pennies
is proud of what he did. “I would say that I had a legitimate purpose
and it was to resolve a billing dispute and pay it,” the man told KSL, “and to protest how I’d been
treated.”

The man said he was frustrated with the poor customer service he felt he
got from the billing department and that he wanted to show it in a
humorous way.

He says he asked the billing clerk in a calm voice if she took cash.
“She very haughtily said, ‘Well, yes we do,'” the man said. “So I said,
‘Lucky for me, I happen to have it on me.'”

The man disputed earlier reports and said he did not demand the pennies
be counted there immediately. He said he did however ask for a receipt
and say, “I’m willing to wait if you want to count them so you can make
sure you got every penny.”

He did acknowledge some of the pennies fell on the floor after he poured
13.8 pounds of pennies on the receptionist’s desk.

“That’s just the nature of pennies,” he said. “They’re round.”

The man says he does not plan on paying his $140 fine in pennies if he’s
convicted for disorderly conduct.

“I recognize my place,” the man told KSL. “I recognize it’s a court of
law and I have respect for the legal process.”

Peeved patient proud of penny protest  unique_identifier
﻿Man fined for ‘paying in pennies’


    A man who tried to pay a bill with 2,500 pennies has been fined –
    who’s in the right?


Wed, Jun 8, 2011 13:03 BST

When Jason West turned up in person to pay a bill he disputed, he ended
up being landed with a fine. Why? Because he tried to pay it with 2,500
pennies.

West said he paid the charge - to Basin Clinic, Utah, USA - months ago,
but failed to get the current bill revoked. He then calmly asked the
teller: "Do you take cash?"

When told they did, West replied: "Lucky for me I happen to have it on
me." He then poured 2,500 pennies on the counter
 "I'm
willing to wait if you want to count them so you can make sure you get
every penny," he added.

But while he told local paper The Vernal Express that all this was done
in a calm manner, and that all that resulted from it was giggles from
other customers waiting, the clinic disagreed and called the police.

West ended up being cited for "disorderly conduct" and now faces a $140
fine — or 14,000 pennies.

"The pennies were strewn about the counter and the floor," said the
police.  The clinic maintains it would have taken the money, but does
"not tolerate pennies or any other objects being thrown at our
employees", according to a statement.

West says he didn't throw anything, they spilled: "That's just the
nature of pennies," he told the Vernal Express. "They're round."

*Can you pay in pennies then?*

In the US any amount in coins counts as legal tender — but there is no
law that forces shops and other retailers to accept them. That means
businesses can ask for payment in any denomination they want.

But where would you stand if you decided to pay up in pence in the UK?

Well, it's come up. Back in 2006 Michael Rees of Tonteg, South Wales,
was told he could no longer keep paying his £650 debt in instalments of
4,000 penny pieces (as he had been for months).

Meanwhile in 2009, Gary Southall tried to settle a £1,300 fine with a
shopping trolley full of 1p pieces — he was also refused.

According to the Coinage Act of 1971, 1ps and 2ps are only legal tender
up to the value of 20p. But that doesn't mean you can't pay more than
that in pennies if the person or business you're paying agrees.

Legal tender has a very narrow meaning in the UK. Put simply, you can't
be successfully sued for non-payment of a debt if you give the correct
amount of money in legal tender. That's it.

Everything else is up to the two parties involved in the transaction.

And fans of wacky ways to protest can take heart from one thing: £1 and
£2 coins are legal tender up to any amount you like. Even if they're
frozen in ice or put in a bathtub full of honey.



  unique_identifier
﻿Wednesday, 08 June 2011


    Utah Man Cited After Paying Disputed Medical BIll With 2,500 Pennies

Written by  Bruce Walker 

When Jason West of
Vernal, Utah, tried to pay his disputed medical bill last week with
2,500 pennies, he was issued a citation for disorderly conduct. The
reason for the charge was that West allegedly dumped the pennies onto
the cashier's desk and asked her to count all of them. While the manner
in which West delivered his payment may have been a bit extreme (placing
rolled coins gently on the desk might have avoided the citation) there
was an irony in his case that points to a more important principle than
good manners, which are more frequently these days being enforced by the
local constabulary, rather than by Emily Post. That is, had he paid the
bill with federal reserve notes — backed, really, by nothing more than
the promise of the federal government that the paper money has value —
then he would have faced no legal problems at all.

Also ironic is the fact that the pennies (known also as “coppers”) have
inherent economic value. Gold and silver coins, of course, have value
much greater than their face value. The price of copper has
risen so quickly that pennies minted before 1982 have a “melt value” of
2.7 cents. Pennies minted in the last three decades have a metal value
of only 60 percent of the face value (the copper has been replaced
almost completely by zinc).

Our coins didn't always contain baser metals, however. The American
Republic was founded upon the idea of sound money, and the Constitution
in Article I, Section 8 lays out most of the relevant language. Congress
can “coin money, regulate the value thereof, and of foreign coins, and
to fix the standard of weights and measurements” and "...provide for the
punishment of counterfeiting the securities and current coin of the
United States.” 

Sound money meant either species — money made out of metals of value —
or paper currency redeemable in exact measurements of money. We are
accustomed to thinking of money in the Federal Reserve System sense of
one “dollar” being some vague promise by the federal government to
support that piece of printed paper. Why use the term “dollar”? What
does one “dollar” mean? In our economic system the dollar referred to a
physical measurement of gold. 

When currency is backed by a clear promise to pay a set measurement of
gold in redemption for that currency, then the economy has great
inherent stability. Today we take inflation for granted, even to the
point of having "cost of living adjustments" in pensions and entitlement
spending. We assume that the value of our paper currency, the dollar,
will shrink over time. But during the first century of our nation,
inflation was essentially unknown. Money retained its value. And that
laid the foundation for aggressive investment in productive enterprises.

This system actually worked better than the coin currency which had
served as money since ancient times. Regimes in the ancient and medieval
world which wanted to devalue their metal coins would “clip” them,
shaving off part of the silver or gold, and re-stamping the coins with
the lower metallic value. (The milled edges on modern coins are designed
to discourage that practice.) But in our country, when one “dollar” was
an exact weight of gold, the Treasury had no way to cheat currency holders.

There was another assurance given to buyers and sellers using currency.
Private banks issued notes redeemable in gold. The very term “banknote”
seems meaningless to us today, but they were once ubiquitous in our
nation’s economy. The integrity of the banking industry was particularly
vital when currency largely meant these redemption notes issued by
private businesses.

As far a our coins go, our government today has, in effect, “clipped”
our coins just like a corrupt king of England or a dissolute emperor of
Rome. Zinc is much cheaper than copper, but even so a zinc penny may
soon be worth more than its face value. Since 1982, the price of zinc
has tripled

More pointedly, at one point in 2005-2006, its price was about 600
percent higher than when it essentially replaced copper as the basic
ingredient in pennies. At that time, the metallic value of a penny would
have been worth about 50 percent more than the face value of the coin. 

The prices of the metals used to make our coins — zinc, copper and
nickel - have been rising since President Obama took office, and his “stimulus”
package (which involves a gross devaluing of the American currency)
seems certain to push those prices higher than inflation. What will
happen when the price of zinc rises above the cost of a penny? Perhaps
the Treasury will do as during WWII and mint steel pennies.

Is the Constitution being followed when copper coins are replaced with
zinc, or silver coins with copper? What is the purpose of fixing the
weight and measurement of coins, if the very metals from which the coins
are minted have been changed to baser metals? 

The downward spiral to baser ingredients in our coins suggests that
sometime in the future the old advice, "Don't take any wooden nickels!"
may not be so very funny after all.
  unique_identifier
﻿Updated: 6:45 p.m. Tuesday, June 7, 2011 | Posted: 6:44 p.m. Tuesday,
June 7, 2011


  Patient’s penny protest seems mostly 'centsless'


By D.L. Stewart 

To the thousands — perhaps millions — of Americans who have heard his
story, Jason West may qualify as some sort of hero. A “mad as hell and
I’m not going to take it anymore” kind of guy.

West’s story, widely reported in newspapers, television, radio and
online, clearly speaks to the frustrations and irritations we all have
experienced.

The 38-year-old Utah man disagreed with a $25 bill he received from a
medical clinic. The story didn’t detail whether the bill was justified
or what steps he may have taken to resolve the dispute. What it did
detail is how he handled it:

He went to the clinic and asked staffers at the front desk if they
accepted cash. When they said they did, he dumped 2,500 pennies on the
counter and insisted that they count it.

Protesting with a sack of pennies is not a particularly innovative
tactic. The Internet is rife with similar stories, some of which
probably are true.

*The power company customer* in Virginia who protested his $300 electric
bill with 30,000 pennies.

*The man in Michigan* who paid a $335 court judgment with 33,500 pennies.

*The California man* who paid his $6,500 credit card bill with 650,000
pennies.

*The 29 eighth-graders* in New Jersey who each paid for their $2 school
lunches with 200 pennies to protest a shortening of the cafeteria schedule.

What made this story newsworthy is what happened next.

The cops busted Jason West.

According to the police report, the 2,500 pennies didn’t just land on
the counter. A lot of them overflowed and cascaded onto the floor. So he
was charged with disorderly conduct.

But that’s probably because there are no laws on the books specifically
against self-centered rudeness.

Because the only people inconvenienced by this senseless temper tantrum
were the employees at the front desk who had to pick up and count the
coins, even though they probably had nothing to do with determining the
bill in question. Oh, and the patients waiting patiently in the waiting
room who had to patiently wait even longer because because the staff was
busy picking up and counting pennies.

So there was nothing all that heroic or useful about his protest. It was
like griping to a minimum-wage clerk at the corner Speedway because
multibillion dollar oil companies continue to hike the price of gas.
Like complaining to the cashier at Kroger because the price of peanut
butter keeps going up.

And all Jason West really got for it was a few seconds of satisfaction,
a few days of Internet fame and a possible $140 (14,000 pennies) fine.

Perhaps it was worth it to him.

But, as protests go, it was strictly penny-ante.

  unique_identifier


  'We gave him the money and he tossed it on floor'


TEN years ago tonight, a group of local businessmen wrestled control of
Swansea City away from controversial chairman Tony Petty, beginning the
revival which has led all the way to the Premier League. Here we look
back on an incredible period with some of the key men involved.

A DECADE on, Tony Petty would probably argue — as he did when he left —
that he was good for Swansea City.

It was ten years ago today that a dramatic, late-night meeting at
Cardiff's Copthorne Hotel ended with Petty throwing a pound's worth of
loose change on the floor and relinquishing control of the club.

The Londoner who lived in Australia did not leave empty-handed — he
walked away with a supermarket carrier bag stuffed with around £20,000
in cash.

"I had held meetings with him at the Vetch where he'd said he wasn't
interested in selling," remembers Steve Penny, a local solicitor and now
a Swansea director who was there the night Petty finally walked.

"Things suddenly changed. Eventually he said he'd had enough, that he
would be leaving the country the following morning and that he would
like to pass control of the club over.

"Mel Nurse's consortium gave me a figure and we negotiated a price, but
he said he was not going to do the deal in Swansea.

"David Morgan and I dropped everything, we got the finances arranged and
drove to Cardiff to buy the club."

Penny, of John Collins and Partners, describes the method of payment as
"slightly unusual".

Saying something similar about the whole Petty reign would be unfair.

It was much more extreme than that.

Petty had insisted when he took over at Vetch Field in October 2001 that
he was no white knight who would pump big money into the club.

He was not lying.

Instead he took the cost-cutting approach, attempting to sack seven
players and slash the wages of eight others only seven days after
arriving in Wales.

Within a few more days, the first meeting of the consortium which would
eventually oust Petty had taken place.

At one stage Petty was offered £50,001 to leave but declined, opting
instead to sell star man Stuart Roberts for just £100,000 and then
getting another £100,000 bonus when Sky Sports decided to screen
Swansea's FA Cup tie with Queens Park Rangers.

Petty was by now a hate figure for the fans, but Nurse's attempt to
force him out by acquiring an £801,000 debt against the club and then
calling it in failed in court.

Petty won that battle by claiming he had £1 million of investment lined
up, but there was no sign of the cash as the players' wages were not
paid over Christmas.

Captain Nick Cusack branded Swansea's owner a disgrace, yet Petty was
adamant the club were better off thanks to the drastic measures he had
taken as he prepared to sell up.

"He was a business person who took advantage of something which he could
see could be a thriving situation for him," reckons Nurse, the former
Swansea player who became the figurehead for those trying to bring Petty
down.

"But we came together as a city to make sure our football club survived.

"I suppose I played a big part in that, and I am proud of what I did.

"I put my business aside and the outlay was tremendous, but I never
thought about that.

"I let my heart rule my head at that time, and I look back now and think
about what a risk I took. Thankfully, of course, it was worth it."

Morgan, now one of Swansea's associate directors, reckons Petty did not
fancy a final trip to South West Wales this time ten years ago because
he no longer felt safe in these parts.

"The taxman was due to come into the Vetch the next day to seize assets,
so Petty's hands were tied," he explains. "He either got something for
the club by selling to us, or he ended up with nothing. A phone call
came through to me and all he said was something like 'Do you want to
buy a football club?'

"It was a worrying time, because I really don't think he would have
cared if he'd walked away and left no football club behind.

"The meeting that night started around 7pm. I thought we would sign here
and sign there and say goodbye, but he was very difficult to deal with
and it dragged on until something like 11pm.

"At the end, those of us who were there — myself, Steve, Mel and Tim
Jones (Nurse's solicitor) — had a whip-round to give him the pound he
had paid for the club in the first place back.

"We gave him it in loose change and he just tossed it on the floor. That
was his parting shot."

The following morning, as Petty flew home, Morgan, Penny and Co faced
the media at the Vetch.

"We were like rabbits in the headlights," Morgan remembers.

And Penny concedes: "The press conference was an interesting experience
for us.

"We knew the club had severe financial difficulties, but it was only
when we took over that we found out the extent of them.

"I spent the next three months basically working full-time for the club,
and there were many others doing the same. It was a team effort, and
thankfully we were able to keep professional football alive in Swansea.

"It's incredible to think that we are now a Premier League club."

A debt of around £1.7 million — minimal now, but massive then — had to
be cleared by Swansea's new owners, hence the company voluntary
arrangement which came that spring.

"Everybody feared for the long-term future of the club at that stage,"
recalls Huw Jenkins, a background figure as Petty was toppled but one
who would soon become Swansea's next chairman.

"I think support for the club was at an all-time low around the city,
and the first objective was to make sure we survived.

"All we were hoping for was to secure some kind of future. We were not
looking any further than that."

It was a rough ride for a while — the CVA was no fun for anyone, and
Swansea came perilously close to non-league football a little over a
year later.

The club were forced to do things on the cheap for a time and they
almost paid the price.

"We were going from day to day," Jenkins adds.

"Nobody was ploughing in millions of pounds to start us moving forward.
All we had was hard work, commitment and belief in our club.

"We brought a bit of common sense into the way the club was run. We
realised that everything had to pay for itself, and that started us on
the path to where we are now.

"I think we can all take a bit of pride from the progress we have made.

"It's not for ourselves, but for our football club and our city. People
all over the world are now hearing about Swansea City."

Whatever he claimed about the good he was doing, Petty would have put
paid to any hopes of reaching the Premier League had he stuck around
much longer.

Yet perhaps the lows he dragged Swansea to played a part in inspiring
the highs they are experiencing today.

"I don't know where he is now," Morgan says.

"But in a sense, he was the reason why an ugly duckling became a
high-flying Swan."

  

  unique_identifier
﻿

Motorist pays parking fine - with 29 cheques!


A Southampton motorist who was caught
illegally parked in a disabled bay sent in 29 cheques to pay the fine.

The driver was handed a parking ticket after being caught by car park
officials at Bournemouth’s Castlepoint shopping complex.

The female driver of the Volvo car settled the fine by sending in
cheques worth £1 and £2, but because she paid up within 10 days the £100
fine was reduced to £60.

Castlepoint manager Peter Matthews said he could see the funny side.

He said: “In one sense it’s quite funny and in another sense she is
making a point.

“But by parking in a disabled bay without a blue badge, her point about
the way she thinks she can behave has already been made.”

The Volvo, registration number T819 JPP, is registered to a Southampton
address and was ticketed at 11.45am on February 15.

  unique_identifier
Pennies make Palm Bay man's fine point


    Miffed landowner carts 31,050 one-cent coins to City Hall to settle fine


            Apr. 21, 2012
             

Disgruntled man pays fine with 30,000 pennies	


            Disgruntled man pays fine with 30,000 pennies: Jay Sperry
            paid a $310 fine to Palm Bay with pennies on Friday in
            protest of what he says was an unfair code violation fine.
            By Malcolm Denemark and Breuse Hickman Posted April 20, 2012


            Written by


          Susanne Cervenka


Jay Sperry of Palm Bay prepares his pennies to pay a code enforcement fine.
Purchase Image 

*PALM BAY*  Well start at the end of the story.

Jay Sperry walked into Palm Bay City Hall with three buckets full of
pennies Friday afternoon.

Thats the end of the story. Or so Sperry hopes. But the tale of the
31,050 pennies actually began late last year.

Sperry owns a vacant lot on Myrtle Oak Court. A proliferation of
Brazilian pepper trees on the lot led a neighbor to call the citys Code
Compliance office.

After receiving a notice from the code folks, Sperry contacted the
office and his neighbors to see exactly what their concerns were.
Finding that the neighbors were worried that the invasive pepper trees
were spilling onto their land, Sperry went out to the lot and cut the
trees down himself.

The neighbors were happy, a fact they confirmed to FLORIDA TODAY. Sperry
contacted Code Compliance to find out what he needed to do next to close
the matter out. He said code officials told him to fax a signed letter
from the neighbors. He did so promptly, he said.

End of story? Not yet. Remember, we havent gotten back to the pennies yet.

Weeks later, Sperry got a bill for $310.50 from the city. Thats how
much Palm Bay wanted for clearing a 25-foot wide swath around the
perimeter of the vacant lot.

Palm Bay code requires such a buffer around the edges of vacant lots,
though neighbors can waive the requirement. But the city says it never
received Sperrys faxed copy of the neighbors letter, so it sent a city
crew out to mow back the edges of the lot.

That move perplexed the neighbors. They told a code official, before the
mowing, that they were fine with the lot as it was.

That $310.50 left Sperry miffed that he was still facing a bill after he
had talked with the city to make sure he was taking the right steps.

All along, it wasnt like I was trying to be a bum, he said. It just
seems odd to me that when you have been in contact with them they would
at least let you know they were going to go out and mow it.

Now, back to the 170 pounds of pennies.

Sperry figured he couldnt fight City Hall, but maybe he could kick it
in the shins.

(Page 2 of 2)

So, he called his bank and arranged to withdraw $300. In pennies. It
took the bank several days to get the 600 rolls together. Meanwhile, he
scooped another $10.50 in pennies out of his coin jar at home.

After picking them up at his bank, he began unrolling the coins and
tossing them in his buckets. Truth be told, Sperry didnt bust open all
600 rolls, only about $200 worth. That was enough to make his point, he
thought.

Apparently, he thought right.

Sperrys pennies werent immediately accepted when he tried to drop them
off at the Code Compliance office Friday. Supervisor William Martinez
initially told Sperry that the city would bill him to have the coins
counted plus any discrepancy.

But after a tense exchange and a phone call to supervisors, Martinez
said the city would cover the cost of counting the change, but Sperry
would be responsible if there was a shortfall .

Sperry joined city staff as they took it to another bank to have the
change counted.

I was just trying to make my point, Sperry told city staff.

Martinez replied: Point well made.


        Pennies make Palm Bay man's fine point

An apparent communication lag left a Palm Bay property owner with a $300
bill from code enforcement. He paid it in pennies to protest.
  unique_identifier
﻿Legal tender? Man who paid accountant's £800 bill in coppers is
  ordered by judge to 'pay up properly'


By Suzannah Hills </home/search.html?s=&authornamef=Suzannah+Hills>

Published: 04:31 EST, 15 May 2012 | Updated: 04:31 EST, 15 May 2012

Stunned: Accountant Phillip Lawrence sued his client Robert Fitzpatrick
who tried to pay a £800 bill with boxes of 1p and 2p coins

A disgruntled client who paid a bill with £800 of loose change after a
row with his accountant has been ordered to pay his debt 'properly' by a
court judge.

Care home owner Robert Fitzpatrick dumped five crates of coppers -
weighing a back-breaking 166kg - in his accountant Philip Lawrence’s
front garden, in Colchester, Essex.

But a judge has now ruled that the debt has not been properly paid and
ordered Mr Fitzpatrick to pay by more conventional means.

Mr Fitzpatrick failed to make the final direct debit payment of a credit
agreement last year, Colchester County Court heard.

So he decided to leave the coppers in the garden of Philip Lawrence, a
co-director at Colchester-based Baverstocks accountants, and considered
the debt paid.

But on Friday Mr Lawrence successfully sued Mr Fitzpatrick and his care
home business, Fitzpatrick Total Home Care, in Earls Colne, because
debts over £10 cannot be paid using coppers.

District judge Charles Molle heard how the 166kg of change was left in
Mr Lawrence’s garden while he was away on business on November 30 and
December 1 last year.

He ordered Mr Fitzpatrick to pay the accountants £1,118.62. 

Short changed: Accountant Philip Lawrence, pictured with the boxes of
coins, won a court case forcing his client to pay him 'properly' as
debts over £10 cannot be paid with coppers

Short changed: Accountant Philip Lawrence, pictured with the boxes of
coins, won a court case forcing his client to pay him 'properly' as
debts over £10 cannot be paid with coppers

Mr Lawrence said: 'I was not there when the boxes were delivered and did
not sign for them.

'My partner phoned me to ask if I was expecting a delivery and when I
said I wasn’t she open the boxes, only to find five boxes full of these
coins. It was quite remarkable.'

The boxes were full of 1p and 2p coins with several 5p coins, which Mr
Lawrence loaded into the boot of his car the following morning.

He took the coins to the firm’s office, in Butt Lane, where they have
stayed since.

Mr Fitzpatrick did not attend Colchester County Court and declined to
comment.
  unique_identifier
﻿Taxis plan five cents protest

July 24 2012 at 05:37pm
By Giordano Stolley Comment on this story 
iol news pic five cent coin 5c SUPPLIED Toll cashiers near Ladysmith
could find themselves counting five cent coins from every minibus taxi
passing through the plaza on Wednesday.

Durban - Toll cashiers near Ladysmith could find themselves counting
five cent coins from every minibus taxi passing through the plaza on
Wednesday.

This would form part of a protest by the KwaZulu-Natal taxi industry
against the government's taxi recapitalisation programme, spokesmen said
on Tuesday.

KwaZulu-Natal Transport Alliance chairman Eugene Hadebe said the five
cent protest would be held at the Tugela toll plaza on the N3 near
Ladysmith.

He urged taxi drivers to stock up on five cent coins to pay their toll
fees.

Taxi owners would also march on KwaZulu-Natal premier Zweli Mkhize’s
office to hand over a memorandum of grievances.

They were also dissatisfied with the provincial transport department's
administration and issuing of operating licences.

Another grievance was the government’s decision to recognise the SA
National Taxi Council (Santaco) as the sole representative of the taxi
industry.

Hadebe told a meeting of various taxi alliances at Durban’s Curries
Fountain stadium that permission had been granted for the march in
Pietermaritzburg. He said Santaco did not represent his association or
others.

Concerned Taxi Operators chairman Thami Ngcongo said: “They are the only
people being recognised by government. They are not leading us. They are
taking decisions without our consent.”

Earlier on Tuesday, KwaZulu-Natal transport spokesman Kwanele Ncalane
said the provincial government had, as part of an agreement with
Santaco, decided to approach the national government in an attempt to
get it to delay the taxi recapitalisation programme in the province.

Ncalane said this had been agreed at a meeting between the provincial
department and Santaco.

“We decided that we needed to approach the national department of
transport to consider the moratorium of implementing the taxi
recapitalisation programme (TRP), so that we can engage with taxi
operators.”

The R7.7 billion TRP was first announced in 1999 and came into effect in
October 2006. It was intended to replace the country's ageing minibus
taxi fleet with safe, modern vehicles.

In terms of the TRP, taxi owners would each be paid R50,000 to have a
vehicle scrapped. The owner could then use this money to exit the
industry, or as a deposit on a newer, safer vehicle.

Currently the amount paid is R63,100 per taxi.

The TRP was supposed to be introduced in KwaZulu-Natal in September.

Ncalane said the transport department would ask for an extension of six
months to hold talks with taxi operators.

He dismissed taxi operators' claims that the government wanted to scrap
all Siyaya taxis.

Siyaya minibus taxis, originally known as Hi-Aces, were built by Toyota
SA until the end of 2007.

“When government compensates taxi operators they cannot use that money
to buy a vehicle that was bought in 2006 and the years before,” Ncalane
said.

“There are certain provisions in the National Transport Act that talk
about compliance of vehicles to be deemed roadworthy.”

He said that often the delays in issuing operating licences came about
as a result of taxi owners not providing correct documentation, or
obtaining the necessary municipal approval for the route they would be
operating.

Ncalane said there was no need for taxi operators to march on Wednesday
as the department was in talks with Santaco.

However, later on Tuesday afternoon, he said the government was
attempting to hold a meeting with the other taxi alliances.

It was not immediately clear how commuters would be affected. Hadebe and
other Curries Fountain stadium speakers urged drivers not to stay away,
but to rather take commuters to work before joining the protest march in
Pietermaritzburg.

N3 Toll Concession spokesman Con Roux said it would have extra staff on
duty to help count the coins. - Sapa


  unique_identifier
﻿Mass. Man Pays Off Mortgage With Pennies

July 6, 2012
By LYNEKA LITTLE via Good Morning America </gma>
PHOTO: Tom and Sandra Daigle show off the pennies they brought to the
bank to make their final mortgage payment.
Tom and Sandra Daigle show off the pennies they brought to the bank to
make their final mortgage payment.
Derek McLean/MetroWestDailyNews.com

A Milford, Mass., man saved his pennies to pay off his
mortgage--literally. He carted more than 62,000 pennies to the bank to
make his last payment.

"Thirty-five years ago when my wife and I took out our mortgage for our
first home I happened to pick up a penny in a parking lot," Thomas
Daigle told ABC News. "I said, I'm going to pay our last mortgage in
pennies.'"

And, that's exactly he did. In all, that's about 427 pounds of pennies
at 145 pennies to the pound, though pennies minted after 1982 weigh in
at 181 to the pound. Daigle
says he didn't weigh them.

The 60-year-old, who would place his change and keys in a bowl each
night, would sift through the change and save his pennies. On a rainy or
snowy night in central Massachusetts, Daigle would roll three to five
packs of pennies and place them in a box in the basement. Along with the
pennies in a box downstairs, Daigle would keep a scrap of paper with a
running tab of the amount of rolls stored in the boxes downstairs.

"After a few years of rolling pennies, I said this is a doable thing to
pay my mortgage off in pennies," said Daigle.

In April, the co-owner of Joseph and Thomas Opticians brought the boxes
of pennies around to the back at Milford Federal Savings and Loan
Association and made his final payment on his 35th wedding anniversary.

Daigle warned the bank before coming in with the coppers. A long-time
customer, Daigle opened a savings account at the bank when he was 10
years old using money he made from mowing lawns. At the time, one of his
lawn customers was a teller named Mary, who worked at the bank.

"When it was time to get married and buy a house, this is the bank we
wanted to use," said Daigle, who married his high school sweetheart
Sandra in 1977.

"We're a local community bank and we've been in business for many
years," a spokesperson for Milford Federal Savings and Loan Association
told ABC News. "We are celebrating our 125th birthday this year."

Thomas Daigle "has been a customer of ours for a very long time and we
were very pleased that he was able to accomplish his goals. It was a
proud day for him. We are happy about that," the spokesperson continued.

He said his wife Sandra merely shakes her head and says "that's my
husband," when asked about the penny savings.

"I'm a man of my word and I'm a man of commitment," said Daigle. "There
is one thing you have in life: it's your word. If you say you're going
to do something, do it."

Daigle says he's no longer saving pennies. "I never saved anything in my
life other than pennies," he added. While coming in to the office,
Daigle says he stumbled upon a penny and picked it up. He said he's
hoping his lunch total is an odd number so that can get rid of it.

"I'm saving nothing," said Daigle. "I'm not leaving my children with any
kind of mess to clean away."

He continued, "I'm collecting grandchildren. I have four grandchildren.
I live for them."  unique_identifier
﻿
  Thomas Daigle, Massachusetts Man, Pays Off Mortgage With Pennies

AP	
Posted: 07/06/2012 9:20 am EDT Updated: 07/06/2012 9:22 am EDT

 Daigle, Massachusetts Man, Pays Off Mortgage With Pennies>

MILFORD, Mass. -- A Massachusetts man who pledged to make the last
mortgage payment on his home with pennies has fulfilled that promise.

After warning his bank, Thomas Daigle dropped off about 62,000 pennies
weighing 800 pounds in two boxes for the final payment on the Milford
home he and his wife, Sandra, bought in 1977.

He started saving his pennies when he moved in.

The optician says his wife laughed whenever he would pick up a penny he
found on the ground and say it was going to the mortgage.

Daigle says he's just glad to have the coins out of his house.

___


      unique_identifier
﻿ Personal Finance


  Q&A: The Man Who Paid Off His Mortgage With 62,000 Pennies

By David Wescott
 July 11, 2012
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Q&A: The Man Who Paid Off His Mortgage With 62,000 Pennies

Photograph by Rex Ziak/Getty Images

On the day of his 35^th wedding anniversary, Thomas Daigle, an optician
from Milford, Mass., walked into a local bank to make his final mortgage
payment. Instead of carrying a checkbook, Daigle came armed with 62,000
pennies stored in military-grade steel boxes. The total weight was more
than 400 pounds.

The idea of paying off his house in pennies has been a recurring joke in
the Daigle household for more than three decades. Daigle, 60, has been
counting, organizing, and storing the pennies in his basement,
diligently wrapping them in paper rolls. Milford Savings & Loan
Association, where they were deposited, was apparently pleased with the
inundation of change. Remarkably, all the coins had been counted correctly.

*Why did you make your final mortgage payment in pennies?*

It was a commitment I made to my wife, Sandra. After we signed our
mortgage, when we were on our way home, I found a penny on the ground. I
told my wife, “A penny toward our mortgage.” She laughed. I told her we
were going to pay our final mortgage payment in pennies, and she didn’t
believe me. I wanted to show her I was a man of my word, and it was a
pretty extensive ongoing joke. I started putting pennies in a change
bowl in the hallway. The quarters and nickels—you use those to buy
coffee. But the pennies? I just kept storing them. On winter weekends I
would take some time to roll pennies. Why not? My kids liked it, and
we’d do it together. There isn’t a whole lot to do on snowy winter
weekends in Massachusetts.

*Where’d you store them?*

When there were too many for a change bowl, I started keeping them in a
glass orange juice bottle—they don’t even make those anymore. I’d roll
the pennies into groups of 50 on my workbench in the basement. When
there got to be too many, I’d store the rolled pennies in a wooden grape
crate—the kind you get when you buy grapes in bulk. Things just kept
going, and then soon enough, when I’d pick up the crate, the bottom
would fall out. I’d have to screw it back together. One day I was
looking through a catalog selling hydraulics parts. They were
advertising some steel military boxes—the kind of things you see at army
surplus stores. The ad said they were great for storing things. I
decided to get one, and since I noticed the shipping and handling would
be the same, changed my order to get two.

*Did you ever find any rare pennies that might be worth more than 1¢?*

No, that wasn’t my concern or interest. As long as it was a penny and
could be rolled into a group of 50, that was fine.

*So how’d you get them to the bank?*

I had the pennies in one of the steel boxes, and there was no way I
could lift it. They weighed about 400 pounds altogether. I split them up
and was able to get them in the back of my SUV. Once the pennies were
in, along with the steel boxes, my wife, who is disabled, came along.
Her wheel chair went on top of the boxes, and we headed to the bank.

*What was the Milford Federal Savings & Loan’s reaction?*

It’s a small town, and I know the people who work at the savings & loan.
I’m an optician, and many of them come to me for my work. They certainly
knew we were coming. It was my wife’s and [my] 35^th wedding
anniversary, the final payment on our mortgage, and the bank was
celebrating their 125^th year in business. I’ve had an account there
since I was 10—I used to deposit the money I made mowing lawns at that
bank. It took them two days to deposit the pennies (they had to remove
the paper wrappers), but they seemed happy for me and for what I had
accomplished.

*Now that the joke’s over, will you collect something else?*

I’m done with the collecting, in that I reached that goal. I would like
to keep collecting grandchildren—I now have four. It’s been a great
project for my family, and I think there’s a good example in it. When
you find a penny on the ground and pick it up, it’s an instant that
brings back memories of childhood. It’s a special moment.


  unique_identifier
﻿Asda stops woman paying for weekly shop with £2 coins - so what are
  your rights when paying with coins?

By Andrew Oxlade 
Published: 08:11 EST, 10 September 2012 | Updated: 08:29 EST, 10
September 2012


A woman was turned away from the checkout at her local Asda store when
she tried to pay for her £100 weekly shop in £2 coins.

She is the latest to have been pulled up for trying to settle a bill
with coins.

But Joanne Bath, of Gosport, Hampshire, had the law on her side. She has
had an instant apology from the company, owned by US giant WalMart, and
was  given a £15 gift voucher.

Joanne was left fuming after staff refused to accept the 50 £2 coins and
told her to come back with notes.

The 45-year-old ice cream lady, stormed off to see the manager, who said
there shouldn't have been a problem and gave her a £15 voucher as a way
of saying sorry.

Frozen out: Ice cream lady Joanne Bath, was turned away at the checkout
of her local Asda store when tried to pay for her £100 shop with fifty
£2 coins

Frozen out: Ice cream lady Joanne Bath, was turned away at the checkout
of her local Asda store when she tried to pay for her £100 shop with
fifty £2 coins

But when she went back to her trolley 10 minutes later to pay for her
shopping, she discovered staff had put most of it back on the shelves.

Joanne, who runs a Mr Whippy van, said: 'I was furious because I had
already spent an hour and a half doing my shopping. Every week I usually
use £2 coins to pay for shopping in that store so it completely baffled
me that they refused the money this time around.

'I don't understand why someone wasn't able to count the money whilst I
was being served at the till. Most of the money I make comes in the form
of coins.

After complaining to the manager Joanne was given a £15 voucher as an
apology

After complaining to the manager Joanne was given a £15 voucher as an
apology

'I try to bank some of it but I like to use my debit card for bills. I'm
livid about the whole situation.'

Joanne was told to change her money at the Coinstar change machine in
the store - it gives you a receipt which is then swapped for notes at
customer services.

Joanne said: 'It's a ridiculous system. If I had loads of pennies then I
would have understood but I didn't. A lot of people use £1 and £2 coins
for their shopping.'

An Asda spokeswoman said 'We apologise to Joanne for the mix-up.

'We should have taken payment using the coins and we are sorry that we
messed up this time. We have given Joanne a £15 voucher and hope to see
her back in store, coins or no coins, soon.'

The law is firmly on Joanne's side. 

The amended 1971 Coinage Act states that 'gold' coins - £1 and £2 coins
can be used to settle a bill of any amount.

However, those who have sought to make a point by paying in change have
found themselves the wrong side of the legislation.

It was reported earlier this year that care home owner Robert
Fitzpatrick dumped five crates of coppers - weighing a back-breaking
166kg - in his accountant Philip Lawrence’s front garden, in Colchester,
Essex.

He was a disgruntled client who owed a bill of £800. He was ordered to
pay his debt 'properly' by a court judge.

This is because the law is clear on the size of bills that can be
settled with coins:

  * 1p for up to 20p cost;
  * 2p for up to 20p;
  * 5p for up to £5;
  * 10p for up to £5;
  * 20p for up to£10;
  * 50p for up to £10;
  * £1  for any amount;
  * £2 for any amount;
  * £5 crown for any amount.

End of the penny?: The 1p coin is unloved by small firms



As for the penny's future. A campaign has gathered pace this year
to consign the 1p to history. It would follow the demise of other small
coins in the 20th Century, namely the farthing and the much-loved
12-sided threepenny bit.

The end of the half-penny's short-lived existence in 1984, however, was
widelywelcomed. It had been introduced in that form in 1971. It meant a
tweak to prices. Second class stamps - then 12½p - were raised to 13p.

There are still 11 billion 1p coins in circulation,but a growing number
of Britons think we can do without one of the oldest coins in our
history. The Federation of Small Businesses claims shopkeepers hate the
penny.

Canada has already ditched its cent (known as a penny) — following
similar moves in Australia and New Zealand to abolish their
low-denomination coins.


 
 
	
		

  unique_identifier
﻿MAN PAYS $137 TICKET BY SENDING 137 ORIGAMI PIGS IN DUNKIN DONUTS
  BOXES TO COPS (Video)

TOPICS:137 Origami Pigs
Posted By: NewsAsylum Staff


A man who goes by the name “Bacon Moose” received a $137 traffic ticket
in a part of town he calls a “Money Trap”, so “Bacon Moose” decided he
was going to pay the ticket off in a special way.

It took “Bacon Moose” over 6 hrs. but he painstakingly hand crafted 137
individual Origami Pigs, packaged them in 2 dozen ‘Dunkin Donuts’ boxes
and sent them to the cashier.

One of the officers thought it was awesome as he stated:

    That’s pretty cool and that took a lot of time. Little piggies in a
    donut box. I got it, I got it,

Although the mans response was taken is as a funny joke with some of the
officers, the cashier was unhappy and refused to unfold the bills. The
man was asked to unfold them and obliged.  unique_identifier
﻿ Driver turns up to police station to pay traffic ticket with 137
  origami dollar bill PIGS . . . and cops make him unfold every one

By Victoria Wellman 

Published: 14:23 EST, 13 September 2012 | Updated: 11:20 EST, 14
September 2012


A man arrived at a municipal court this week and attempted to pay a $137
traffic violation ticket with 137 origami pigs fashioned with dollar
bills and boxed in two Dunkin Donut trays.

A city clerk refused to accept his creative payment method however, and
forced him to unfold each every one of his painstakingly made creations.

The unidentified man, who goes by the name of Bacon Moose on YouTube,
posted a recording of the exchange and explained his motives in a
description of the video.

*Scroll down to watch the 'pig payment' as it happened...*

Creative: An unnamed man posted a YouTube video this week of his attempt
to pay a $137 traffic ticket with 137 origami pigs fashioned with one
dollar bills

Creative: An unnamed man posted a YouTube video this week of his attempt
to pay a $137 traffic ticket with 137 origami pigs fashioned with one
dollar bills

Painstaking: The 137 pigs took the man over four hours to fold but just
four minutes to disassemble

Painstaking: The 137 pigs took the man over four hours to fold but just
four minutes to disassemble

'I got this ticket in a town where the cops (and absurd redlight
cameras) are pretty much a money trap and that's it,' he wrote. 'I
decided to pay in an appropriate manner...'

Approaching the window at the clerk's office, 'Bacon Mouse' films as a
staff member behind the window asks him how he intends to pay the fee
without hardly even looking at his customer.

'Cash,' he replies with what sounds like a poker straight face.

While the clerk disappears out of the office for a minute the
protagonist then opens the two boxes and slides them under the window
ready to present.

No go: After arguing with the municipal courts clerk about whether the
pigs are 'legitimate tender' an officer is fetched who, while admitting
it's 'cool' forces the man to unfold the 137 pigs

No go: After arguing with the municipal courts clerk about whether the
pigs are 'legitimate tender' an officer is fetched who, while admitting
it's 'cool' forces the man to unfold the 137 pigs

On returning to the cubicle the clerk looks at the neatly arranged
origami pigs and asks, taken aback: 'What is that? I am not going to
take it like that.'

'Why not?' 'Bacon Moose' replies slowly in a casual manner. 'It's legal
tender. It's legitimate currency. I would have paid by card but you
charge a five per cent fee for that.'

Asking him repeatedly to unfold the pigs and return to the window with
flat, un-crumpled bills, the clerk begins to lose patience.

But the customer is unwilling to do as he says given that he has spent
over four hours making the little paper creations.

'You can count them,' he suggests, and starts counting the pigs.

Drove: The unnamed man explained to YouTube viewers that he thought his
payment was a good reflection of how traffic violation tickets are a
money trap

Drove: The unnamed man explained to YouTube viewers that he thought his
payment was a good reflection of how traffic violation tickets are a
money trap

Labour of love: The police office and clerk finally managed to see the
funny side of the prank taking pictures of the man's work with cameras

Labour of love: The police office and clerk finally managed to see the
funny side of the prank taking pictures of the man's work with cameras

Clearly annoyed and uncertain of how to proceed the clerk then picks up
the phone to call for back up from a senior officer.

A policeman in uniform who arrives on the scene shows more of sense of
humour and though he insists the man unfold each because they have 'no
way to store it', he commends 'Bacon Moose' for his work.

'I agree with you, that's pretty cool, that took a lot of time,' he
says, chuckling as he snaps pictures with his camera: 'Little piggies in
a doughnut box, I got I got it.'

The artistic ticket-holder took only four minutes to unfold each pig,
calling it 'the Great Dollar Pig Massacre of 2012', as the clerk finally
bursts out laughing.

'I will give you props, you've made me laugh for the day,' he admits,
safe in the knowledge that he has won the battle.  unique_identifier
﻿

  Man Pays Traffic Ticket with 137 Origami Pigs in Dunkin Donuts Boxes

By Deanne Katz, Esq. on September 18, 2012 5:49 AM

YouTube user 'Bacon Moose' was annoyed by the traffic ticket he got in a
town he called a 'money trap.' To show the police how he felt he went to
pay his ticket in one dollar bills folded into origami pigs

The traffic fine was for $137 which is a lot of little pigs. He packed them up in donut boxes to
present to the police.

When he showed up to make his payment it didn't go as smoothly as
planned. The clerk he ran into was not impressed.

'Bacon Moose' brought his boxes to the clerk's office and said he'd pay
in cash. But when he tried to push the Dunkin Donuts boxes through the
window the clerk told him that he couldn't accept the payment like that.

They argued back and forth about whether the dollar pigs were 'legal
tender' until the clerk called in a police officer.

Unlike the clerk, the officer liked what he saw. He even snapped a
picture of the pigs. But he ultimately made the man unfold the pigs
before he accepted the payment. His reason? There was no way they could
store the cutely folded bills.

Paying in cash is an acceptable way to pay a traffic fine and in some
cases it's preferred. In this case, there was an additional charge to
pay by card, according to the /Daily Mail/. But that doesn't mean all
cash is acceptable.

Government officials can refuse to accept money that is damaged or
messy, such as ripped bills or coins that aren't wrapped up in rolls.
But once the money is in a recognizable form it should be accepted.

After 'Bacon Moose' unfolded his work of art, the city was happy to
accept his $137 in cash.

It's unclear whether 'Bacon Moose' thought his ticket was unfair
 or whether he just was
miffed at the town. But unlawful traffic tickets do happen. If you think
your traffic ticket was unjust enlist an attorney to help
you make a case.

We count two police-stereotype jokes in this
fine-turned-public-statement. Luckily the police were just as amused by
his efforts as we were.  unique_identifier
Vernal man's penny payment costs more than he bargained for
By Geoff Liesik
September 20th, 2012 @ 10:57pm

Peeved patient proud of penny protest


            Police cite Vernal man accused of paying bill with 2,500
            pennies

VERNAL  A Vernal man learned Thursday that while it may be legal to pay
a bill with pennies, the way you do it can get you in trouble with the law.

Jason Robert West, 40, was found guilty of disorderly conduct, an
infraction, following a nearly four-hour bench trial in Vernal City
Justice Court.

The charge stemmed from a bizarre incident in May 2011 where West
decided to protest a disputed $25 medical bill by unloading 2,500
pennies on a receptionist's desk at Basin Clinic in Vernal.

Before pouring out his payment, however, West yelled at the clinic staff
and used abusive language, according to testimony Thursday from a
patient who had been sitting in the waiting room when the incident occurred.

"He was lambasting the receptionist over a bill," said Linda Olsen, who
described West as "loud" and "indignant."


Clinic receptionist Kory McCurdy also testified that West's conduct made
her nervous. That nervousness intensified, she said, when West told her,
"I want to apologize for what I'm about to do. It's not your fault,"
before he reached into a bag he was carrying.

Jason West decided to protest a disputed $25 medical bill by unloading
2,500 pennies on a receptionist's desk at Basin Clinic in Vernal.

"When someone says that to you, a few things go through your mind,"
McCurdy said. "You don't know what's about to happen."

What West withdrew from the bag wasn't a weapon. Instead, it was the
bowl full of pennies, which witnesses said he unloaded with enough force
that it sounded like a gun had been fired.

"In my mind all I could think of was a gunshot or something scary,"
clinic receptionist Angie Hackford testified.

"Did you laugh about this afterward?" asked defense attorney Greg Stewart.

"To tell you the truth, I was worried about laughing today," Hackford
said, noting that she often laughs as a defense mechanism when she's
nervous or scared.

Stewart pointed out that none of the clinic staff felt the incident was
threatening enough to warrant a call to police. Then one of the doctors
learned about it and told them to report it.

When West's behavior was reported to police dispatchers, both the person
reporting it and the dispatcher could be heard laughing in a recording
of the call that was played in court.

West has denied acting aggressively toward any clinic staffer. In a 2011
interview with the Deseret News, he said he calmly asked the office
manager, Do you take cash? He was prepared to pay with his debit card,
he said, but found out that wasn't necessary.

She very haughtily said, 'Well, yes we do,' West said. So I said,
'Lucky for me, I happen to have it on me.'

"I can't understand why a reasonable person would do that."
Judge Ray Richards

West, however, did not take the stand during Thursday's trial on the
advice of his attorney. That decision was made, Stewart said, because he
didn't believe the city prosecutor had made his case.

Vernal Justice Court Judge Ray Richards felt otherwise, finding West
guilty and scolding him for his actions.

"I can't understand why a reasonable person would do that," the judge
said, noting the conviction was not based on West's decision to pay in
pennies, but the manner in which he did it.

"Reaching into a bag like that would cause me alarm, too," Richards said.

He ordered West to pay a $140 fine.

Stewart said his client has 30 days to decide whether he'll ask for a
new trial in district court.

As for how he might pay his fine?

"It sounds like the judge was willing to accept payment in pennies, so
that's definitely an option," Stewart said.


     unique_identifier
﻿  * Featured <#>
  * Trending <#>
  * Recent <#>


  * Sep. 28, 2012, 3:53 PM
  * 
    Pays Doctor's Bill In Pennies ... And Gets Dragged Into
    Court

A Utah man's gutsy stunt to pay an unwanted medical bill in pennies has
officially backfired.

Jason Robert West decided to protest a $25 medical bill in May 2011 by
dumping a bag filled with 2,500 pennies onto the receptionist's desk at
his doctor's office, reports KSL.com's Geoff Leisik.


Witnesses said the ensuing racket sounded like gunshots and left people
spooked, but West claimed in an interview last June that he was polite.

“I would say that I had a legitimate purpose and it was to resolve a
billing dispute and pay it...and to protest how I'd been treated,” West
told the Desert News

Angie Hackford, the receptionist on the receiving end of West's penny
barrage recalled the scene differently in court. 

"In my mind all I could think of was a gunshot or something scary," she
said. Though no one called police at the time, a doctor later reported
the incident.

This month, West was convicted of disorderly conduct and slapped with a
$140 fine.

Chances are there are few businesses that would turn away payment in
coins these days––a bank recently let one man pay off his $6,200
mortgage in pennies
––but
it was West's aggression that called for a fine, the  judge ruled.

Efforts to reach West Friday were unsuccessful.


        unique_identifier
﻿Man Fined After Paying Doctor’s Bill With Pennies

By Kyle Schnitzer
A
38-year-old Utah man has been cited with disorderly conduct after payin
his doctor’s bill with 2,500 pennies.

James West was charged $25 at the Basin Clinic in Vernal, Utah last
month and felt that the charge was needed.

According to the Gather
,
West asked the office if they accepted cash. After receiving a yes from
the office, he dumped 2,500 pennies on the counter of the office.


“The pennies were strewn about the counter and the floor,” said Police
Chief Keith Campbell. The Deseret News reported

that the police tracked down West and gave him the citation, which could
potentially fine him $140.

Campbell says that the incident upset the staff because pennies were all
over the place. He said West’s actions served “no legitimate purpose.”

There have been other incidents that have resulted in citizens paying
big bills with large quantities of smaller bills. In January of 2011,
Nic Ramos, a student at the University of Colorado, paid his spring
tuition bill with one-dollar bills. In total, Ramos paid the school
$14,000 one-dollar bills. According to the New York Daily News, he
wanted to draw attention to the high cost of tuition that he has to pay.

After receiving the citation, it is not clear to how James West will pay
off his fine as of as much as $140. One option could be 14,000 pennies.
  unique_identifier
﻿London bus driver attacked in row over fare - CCTV


    CCTV shows a bus driver being assaulted by two men in Barnet, north
    London after he allegedly refused to accept a twenty pound note as a
    fare.

3:11PM GMT 22 Nov 2012

Police are looking for two men after a vicious attack on a bus driver in
north London.

The incident occurred after the bus terminated in Barnet at around
4.15am on Sunday, October 14.

The two male suspects had earlier attempted to pay their fares with a
£20 note when boarding the bus only for the driver to refuse because he
did not have change.

Both men eventually paid with change after a brief dispute.

The two suspects then assaulted the driver after the 134 bus had
terminated and all other passengers had departed.


  unique_identifier
﻿Shasta County Man Pays his $14,000 Property Tax Bill in Change

Stephanie Montano 
POSTED: 6:34 PM Jan 16 2013


REDDING, Calif -

Larry Gasper showed up with his trunk full of cash--and nothing was
bigger than a dollar.

Gasper lost his tree business a couple of years ago, in part, because he
couldn’t pay his taxes.

Gasper said he tried to pay half of the bill a few weeks ago but the
county refused to take it.

Gasper gathered all the money he could and rolled it.

"I had to borrow some money,” said Gasper. “I’ve missed a few payments
on my home to pay for my taxes for this piece of property.”My
grand-kids' piggy banks, my daughters' piggy banks, my money , my change
and a lot of people have offered to help a bit.”

Gasper said the money took a while to count. The representative at the
office said that it is protocol that the money has to be given in full
or it won’t be accepted.  unique_identifier
﻿Man Pays Off $13K Bill in Coins, Bills

By ABC News January 18, 2013 1:41 PM ABC News Blogs

Man Pays Off $13K Bill in Coins, Bills (ABC News)

A California man who failed to pay his property taxes for over five
years has finally come up with the money - but he made local tax office
workers count nearly $15,000 worth of change and dollar bills.

Larry Gasper of Redding, Calif. brought in a wheelbarrow and two buckets
worth of coins and cash to the Shasta County Tax Collector's Office on
Wednesday afternoon. Gasper rolled and collected the coins and bills
until he had enough to clear his debt.

"It took four of my staff a little over two hours just to count all the
cash," Mary Axelson, chief deputy collector at the Shasta County Tax
Collector's Office, told ABCNews.com. "And then it took probably another
hour to get it bagged up to go to the bank."

"We had to run it through the machine to make sure it wasn't
counterfeit, and then we counted all of it by hand," Axelson said.

If Gasper had not paid the bill, his property would have been auctioned
off next month. He said he lost his tree business a couple of years ago.

"I had to borrow some money," he told ABC News affiliate KRCR
"I've missed a few payments on my home to pay for my taxes for this
piece of property.

"My grand-kids' piggy banks, my daughters' piggy banks, my money, my
change and a lot of people have offered to help a bit," he said.

Axelson, from the tax collector's office, said, "He hadn't paid [his
property taxes] since the 2006-2007 fiscal year. There was about $15,000
in the wagon. The amount we needed was $12,658," said Axelson.

Axelson said Gasper's display was "obviously his way to protest" the
auction.

"He just came in with a big chip on his shoulder," Axelson said. "I just
said, 'We'll take it.'"

Gasper could also have paid his current tax bill while he was at the tax
office - which amounted to $1,382 - but chose not to, Axelson said.

"We gave him back what we did not need," she said.

Gasper had previously attempted to pay part of his bill but the county
declined to accept it, KRCR reported

"We couldn't accomplish what he wanted - which was to remove [the
property] from our auction - without all of the money," Axelson said.

According to Axelson, Gasper needed to come in by June 30, 2012 to pay
20 percent of the amount due in order to get off the county's list of
tax-defaulted properties for auction. Since he had failed to pay before
that date, he now needed to pay the full amount.

"I could have turned him away. There is a taxation code section that
says we do not have to take payment in coin," Axelson said. "But he came
in looking for some confrontation and I just wasn't going to give it to
him."

  unique_identifier
﻿Man pays off $14K property tax bill with dollar bills, coins

By Mike Krumboltz January 18, 2013 10:42 AM The Sideshow 

Paying bills can be a hardship, especially ones that total $14,000.
Larry Gasper
of Redding, Calif., thanks to the generosity of friends and family, was
able to pay his substantial property tax bill—without the use of a
checkbook.

Gasper fell into difficult times several years back, reports KRCR-TV
"I had to borrow some money. I've missed a few payments on my home to
pay for my taxes for this piece of property. My grandkids' piggy banks,
my daughters' piggy banks, my money, my change, and a lot of people have
offered to help a bit," Gasper explained to the station.


Gasper loaded up all that help—in the form of coins and $1 bills—into
the back of his car with the help of a wheelbarrow, and delivered it to
his county tax collector's office.

In a wonderful understatement, KRCR-TV notes that it took the tax
collectors "a while to count." Probably not as long as it took Gasper to
roll those pennies, nickles, dimes and quarters.  unique_identifier
Udaltsov's Fine Paid in Coins

  * Feb. 25 2013 00:00
  * Last edited 18:54

Supporters of opposition leader Sergei Udaltsov, who is under house
arrest on suspicion of plotting to incite riots, on Friday paid a 35,000
ruble ($1,150) fine imposed on the radical leftist with eight large
satchels of coins.

The coins, weighing more than 70 kilograms, were brought to a central
Moscow Sberbank, Lenta.ru reported. The fine had been imposed on the
Left Front leader by an Ulyanovsk court for his alleged assault on a
pro-Kremlin Young Guard activist at a rally last year.

A video posted on YouTube on Friday shows a group of Udaltsovs
supporters unloading sacks of coins and presenting them at the bank as
policemen look on. The activists decided to pay in coins to highlight
the miserly way that the government has gone after the opposition, one
Udaltsov supporter said in the video.



 

  unique_identifier
﻿Staten Island Activist To Protest New MTA Toll Hike With Pennies

/March 3, 2013 12:43 PM/
*NEW YORK (CBSNewYork)* – As of 2 a.m. Sunday, new MTA fare hikes are in
effect on all bridges and tunnels
<http://newyork.cbslocal.com/2013/03/03/final-round-of-mta-fare-hikes-take-effect/>.
For drivers traveling over the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge without E-ZPass,
the trip will now cost $15.

A Staten Island artist and activist is so outraged that he plans to pay
his toll in only pennies.

“It’s frustrating, it’s insane,” Scott LoBaido told WCBS 880’s Jim
Smith. “How do you fight the man? How do you fight the man spelled MTA?”

LoBaido said he held a similar penny protest in 2009 when the toll on
the Verrazano went up to $11.

“They do not like to take pennies but it is legal tender and they must
take the pennies,” he told Smith.


  * Staten Island Activist To Protest New MTA Toll Hike With Pennies
  * WCBS 880's Jim Smith Reports


He added that the toll increase is killing Staten Island’s economy.

“We got businesses here, truckers who are paying $30 an axle. It’s just
insanity,” LoBaido said.

He’s encouraging other drivers to break out their change purses all week
to stage a similar penny protest.

“I think it’ll screw up the MTA’s system a little bit, maybe a lot a bit,”

The regular E-ZPass rate for the Verrazano is now $10.66. Staten Island
residents who have registered with the MTA will pay $6.36 for their
first two trips over the Verrazano in a month then $6.00 for all trips
after that.

Tolls went up on all seven bridges and two tunnels operated by the
MTA. Click here  for
more information on the MTA toll hikes.

/*Will you follow LoBaido’s lead at stage a penny protest? Sound off in
the comments section below…*/

  unique_identifier
﻿Staten Island artist protests MTA toll hikes with pennies


Jillian Jorgensen | jorgensen@siadvance.com
 By Jillian
Jorgensen | jorgensen@siadvance.com
 Staten Island Advance

on March 03, 2013 at 3:04 PM, updated March 04, 2013 at 7:18 AM
Staten Island artist Scott LoBaido attaches an American flag to his car
before mounting a protest on MTA toll hikes by paying the
Verrazano-Narrows Bridge toll in pennies. (Staten Island Advance/Jillian
Jorgensen)  

STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. - Island artist Scott LoBaido may be sitting at the
toll booth a bit longer than someone paying with E-ZPass, but he's
trying to make a point.

"You gotta stick it to the man, and the man is spelled MTA," LoBaido
said Sunday, before getting in his truck with several containers full of
pennies.

There were 1500 pennies, in fact - enough to pay the new $15 cash toll
for the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge that went into effect early Sunday
morning


Sure, Staten Islanders using E-ZPass get a discount - which hiked to
$6.36, and rolls back to $6 after the third trip - but LoBaido said that
price keeps rising, too.

"In two years, your discount will be $15, and the cash people will be
paying $30," LoBaido warned.

So he organized the penny protest - since people are down to their last
pennies, LoBaido said - to express his displeasure. LoBaido was the only
one heading over the bridge with the pennies Sunday, but he said he had
legions of followers interested.

He instructed everyone interested in protesting to go at different
times, he said, because when he did the same protest in 2009, toll
takers caught on and just started waving everyone through as quickly as
they could. But staggering things means the toll takers won't know when
people are coming with their pennies.

"If enough people do it, traffic will be backed up," LoBaido said.
"You're gonna screw up the MTA counting pennies."

LoBaido shot down the notion that even in his protest, he was paying the
toll. The toll takers just aren't willing to wait that long.

"They just take a couple of dollars," he said. "They don't have time to
count pennies."

He said it would be great to cause back-ups on the bridge - and said he
also plans to perform the protest at the Island's three Port Authority
spans.

"If they don't change it, we get to sleep at night because we made an
effort," LoBaido said.

But he thinks if enough people do it - he's urging people to pull the
stunt all week - it can work.

"If enough people fight for something, you get it. It's common sense.
It's the American way. It's patriotic duty," LoBaido said.
---

  unique_identifier
﻿ Swiss money mountain to protest pay
 
05/10/13 09:15 CET

A money mountain was created in Switzerland to draw attention to pay
inequality. A grassroots groups tipped a truckload of 8 million
five-rappen coins and a petition calling for a referendum at the
parliament on Friday.

They are pressing the government to establish a living minimum wage
equivalent to €2,000 per month.


  unique_identifier
﻿ Taos protest targets Whitten Inn over pennies

  * Matthew van Buren <#>
 * Jun 23, 2013

Whitten Inn

  * Tina Larkin

In this photo from June 17, 2013, Chandra Mills holds a protest sign
that lists the nicknames that were given to her sister and mother by
their former employer and owner of the Whitten Inn outside of the
controversial business.


Four years after large demonstrations targeted the Whitten Inn, local
hotel owner Larry Whitten was once again the subject of protests this week.

This week, former employees and their supporters were objecting to being
paid with large quantities of pennies.

In 2009, employees complained that Whitten forbade them from speaking
Spanish to each other in his presence and that he made several employees
change their names while at work — including Martín to “Martin” and
Marcos to “Mark.” Protests outside his hotel drew supporters from as far
away as San Antonio, and groups including the League of United Latin
American Citizens (LULAC), the ACLU and the NAACP got involved.

Last year, Whitten reportedly found a pipe bomb attached to his truck
and drove it to the Taos police station on Civic Plaza Drive, leading to
the evacuation of the block.

A smaller group than that of 2009 was gathered outside the Whitten Inn
Monday (June 17) protesting Whitten’s management practices. Frequent
honks and yells of support for the demonstrators emanated from passing
vehicles.

Several former employees were joined by representatives of the Brown
Berets. Juanito Burns Jr., chairman and founder of La Hermandad Brown
Berets, said his group was there to help protect working people.

Former hotel employee Sheli Mills said she worked at the Whitten Inn for
several months. She said the way Whitten treated her led to her walking
off the job — something she said was a first for her at 44 years old.

“I finally couldn’t take it anymore,” she said.

Mills said she told Whitten he was rude and quit her job. Mills said she
felt insulted when it was time to collect her last check.

“He paid me $200 in pennies,” she said.

Mills’ daughter, Heather Switzer, said she worked for Whitten for eight
months. She said Whitten paid her last check of $300 in pennies, as well.

On Monday the placard outside his hotel read, “A penny for your
thoughts,” and Whitten confirmed the women had been paid in pennies.

Whitten said the idea first occurred to him some years ago at a
different hotel. He said he was inspired by NASCAR driver Rusty Wallace,
who famously paid a fine with half a million pennies in 1997.

Whitten said he has made it his practice to pay employees who walk off
the job in pennies. He said he gets upset when people who walk off or
don’t show up for shifts leave other employees “high and dry,” and he
pays them in pennies “just to be aggravating to them.” He said there is
no law against it.

“It’s American money,” he said. “If you walk out in the middle of your
shift and don’t show up and don’t call in ... you can expect to get
pennies.”

  unique_identifier
﻿The Southern/Paul NewtonIn this Wednesday, July 31, 2013
photo, workers deliver bags of quarters to a law office in Marion, Ill./

/Illinois man repays portion of court-ordered insurance payment with 4
tons of quarters/

ST. LOUIS (AP) — An Illinois businessman outraged by a court order that
he return more than $500,000 in insurance money related to a 2001 wreck
that killed his teenage son wanted to pay the money back in pennies in
protest, only to recognize that was unfeasible.

So, Roger Herrin settled on quarters — four tons of them.

Packed in 150 transparent sacks each weighing about 50 pounds, the
$150,000 in coins were nearly one-third of the money an appellate court
required Herrin to pay back to resolve years-long legal feuding among
the crash's survivors over how $800,000 in insurance proceeds were
apportioned.

Obtained from the Federal Reserve in St. Louis, the backbreaking load of
change was brought in Wednesday by an armored vehicle and delivered on a
flatbed truck to two law firms that represented other victims of the wreck.

"There was no satisfaction from doing that," Herrin, who also serves on
the Southern Illinois University system's governing board, told The
Associated Press on Thursday. "The loss of a child is the loss of a
child, and all the money doesn't replace that.

"I just wanted to draw attention to what went on here," the 76-year-old
man added before mustering a laugh. "I really wanted to do it in pennies."

It ended the legal wrangling that's happened since Herrin's 15-year-old
son, Michael, was killed in June 2001. He was a passenger in a Jeep
Cherokee that was broadsided by a truck that blew through a stop sign
near Raleigh in southern Illinois' Saline County. Three other occupants
of the Jeep were injured.

Roger Herrin got $1.6 million compensation through his own coverage. Of
an additional $800,000 paid out through other insurance, the Herrin
estate got the bulk of it because of Michael Herrin's death, with the
remainder of that money distributed to survivors.

Those survivors appealed and won when the Mount Vernon, Ill.-based 5th
District Appellate Court ruled against Roger Herrin, a retired foot
surgeon whose business holdings include three southern Illinois nursing
homes. Herrin has owned seven community banks, but he's sold those off
in recent years.

Herrin complied in paying back the money, but "obviously in protest"
with the plastic-sacked quarters he called "heavy as hell."

"I've had 10 years to think about this a little bit, and I'm very, very
bitter at this ruling," he said. "It's wrong, and everybody knows it's
wrong."

Mark Prince, an attorney for the Jeep's driver and her son, who was also
a passenger, declined to discuss the case's merits Thursday, calling
that "counterproductive" and a potential violation of a confidentiality
agreement.

While saying Herrin's choice of repayment method was his prerogative,
Prince said he did find the unannounced delivery "surprising" — and a
burglary risk for his law firm in Marion, Ill., given the media
attention instantly foisted onto the thousands of dollars in coins.

"We've been on pins and needles because we had a lot of cash suddenly
laying around, it was publicized," Prince said. "We don't have safes or
vaults, and we lock our front door. Advance notice would have been nice,
because we could have made arrangements to have it delivered to the bank."

Douglas Dorris, an attorney for the Jeep's fourth occupant, agreed.

"I am not going to criticize a man who lost his son, who is obviously
upset with the decisions of the court," he said. "But I believe the
decisions of the appellate court follow the law correctly."  unique_identifier
﻿Thousands of Quarters Used to Pay Court Order
By Sam Smith

Story Created: Jul 31, 2013 at 6:38 PM CDT



WILLIAMSON CO. -- A strange payment rolled up to two local law offices
in Southern Illinois. A truck carrying $150,000 in quarters. It was part
of a protest by Roger Herrin about a court ruling in a wrongful death case.

Herrin's son, Michael, died in a car accident in 2001. The 15-year-old
was in a car with three other people when a truck failed to stop at an
intersection. Since then, the families have been in a legal battle over
how insurance money should be distributed.

Each one of the bags of quarters weighed 50 pounds and contained $1,000
worth of quarters. There were 150 of them on the truck.

"Because I couldn't do it in pennies," said Herrin when asked about the
reason for quarters.

This was Roger Herrin's protest, 7,500 pounds of quarters, part of the
amount he was ordered to pay by an appellate court in his son's wrongful
death case.

"They can have all the money in the world and I'd take my son back,"
said Herrin.

On June 14, 2001 his son Michael was riding in a Jeep with Jared Head,
Ross Duncan, and Katherine Duncan. Herrin says they were on their way
back from playing golf when a truck hit their Jeep injuring everyone
inside and killing Michael.

"If and when someone ever loses a child. It leaves a hole in your heart
that is never repairable," Herrin explained.

The legal battle between victims stems from the distribution of
underinsured motorist coverage. The Jeep was covered up to $800,000. A
judge ruled Herrin should get most of that money, $600,000, because his
son died. The other victims appealed the decision and won.

Herrin already received $1.65 million from other insurance coverage in
the crash. So, the appellate court ordered a refund of Herrin's share
and increased the share for the other victims.

Herrin insists the protest of paying with thousands of quarters isn't
about the money, it's about supporting his family and fighting for what
is right.

"To support my deceased son and ex-wife, I have to fight it to the very
end and this is final end," says Herrin.

The attorneys representing the other families in the car accident can't
comment on the legal situation because of confidentially agreements.

   unique_identifier
﻿ Man Pays Legal Settlement With 4 Tons of Quarters

Father has to return money he got from accident that killed son

By Newser Editors and Wire Services

Posted Aug 1, 2013 7:28 PM CDT
(Newser) – A southern Illinois businessman has paid off part of a
court-ordered legal settlement with nearly four tons of quarters packed
into dozens of bags. Roger Herrin of Harrisburg was ordered by an
appellate court to repay $500,000 in insurance money related to a 2001
car accident in which his teenage son died. The reimbursement followed
years of legal disputes about how the insurance money was apportioned to
the crash victims.

Herrin originally got $600,000 of the $800,000 payout, but other victims
then sued, reports the Huffington Post.
In protest of the court decision, the 76-year-old Herrin repaid nearly a
third of the money—$150,000—with 50-pound bags of quarters he had
trucked in by the Federal Reserve bank in St. Louis. The coins were
delivered Wednesday to a Marion law firm. Herrin says he paid in
quarters because paying in pennies wasn't feasible.

  unique_identifier
﻿By
  * Jacob Gershman

    Paul Newton/The Southern
    Roger Herrin, center, watches as bags of quarters are loaded onto a
    trailer.

Dr. Roger Herrin, a retired surgeon from Illinois who lost his son in a
car accident, smoldered with rage. An appellate court had ruled that his
family had over-collected insurance benefits. He was left with no choice
but to pay back $500,000 to other passengers who survived the accident.

So the doctor exacted his revenge — in quarters.

On Wednesday, he delivered the money to the other parties, complying
with a court-ordered settlement. But to their astonishment, he paid
$150,000 of it in quarters.

An armored Brink’s truck drove 150 bags of loose quarters from the
Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis to a Marion, Ill., bank. The bags were
then piled on flatbed trailer that the doctor had borrowed from a friend.

The truck rumbled through a busy downtown square, parking outside of two
law firms, where the bags were dumped in the lobbies.

“We blocked traffic,” Dr. Herrin told Law Blog. The 76-year-old doctor
said his coin trick —  reported by the Southern Illinoisan newspaper
— was a “protest against the ruling.”

The coins weighed close to four tons or about as much as 70
regular-sized couches. If you lined up the quarters, they’d stretch
across more than 11 football fields, or more than a kilometer.

“They were not happy. They didn’t know what they were going to do with
it. And I wasn’t real congenial,” Dr. Herrin told Law Blog. “We have
cash and checks. Which part don’t you want?” his attorney told the
nonplussed lawyers and receptionists who gathered around the bags,
according to Dr. Herrin.

“They decided they wanted it all,” said the doctor.

“If he wants to pay in quarters, that’s his business,” said Mark Prince,
a lawyer representing two of the other passengers.

In 2001, Dr. Herrin’s son, Michael, and two teenage friends were riding
in a Jeep Cherokee driven by one of the boys’ mothers when a farm truck
failed to stop at an intersection and rammed the vehicle. Michael was
killed and the other passengers suffered injuries. One of the kids, the
worst of the injured, had to undergo several knee surgeries.

Dr. Herrin, who had purchased his own family insurance policies through
nursing homes he owns, settled a wrongful-death claim with two insurance
companies, which paid his family $1.65 million, according to court
documents. The other passengers had no claim on that money.

There was also a pool of $800,000 in aggregated under-insured-motorist
coverage from the crash vehicle for claims by all the passengers, but a
trial court came up with a formula that gave the son’s estate most of
that money.

Many years and lawsuits later, an appellate court ruled
that the lion’s share of the common pool should go to the other
passengers. “Frankly, I don’t need the money,” said the doctor. None of
the money had gone to him personally, he said. He had given most of it
to his ex-wife. He said he just didn’t think it was fair to have to
return the cash when the only life lost was that of his son.

The doctor, who lives on a 20-acre estate in Harrisburg, had one of his
grounds workers help with the hauling Wednesday. “He said he’s very sore
from lifting the bags,” said the doctor.  unique_identifier
﻿ Roger Herrin Delivers $150,000 Worth Of Quarters To Law Offices In
  Protest (VIDEO)

The Huffington Post  |  By Catherine Taibi </catherine-taibi/>


Posted: 08/01/2013 4:17 pm EDT Updated: 08/02/2013 7:24 pm EDT

 
An outraged 76-year-old man is doing what the court wants, just in a
very unique way.

Roger Herrin of Harrisburg, Ill., protested a court decision on
Wednesday by delivering $150,000 in quarters
or 600,000 in total, to local law offices in nearby Marion, Ill.,
according to WSIL TV. The new ruling orders Herrin to refund $500,000
worth
of the insurance money he received after his 15-year-old son died in 2001.

Herrin obtained the quarters from the St. Louis Federal Reserve and
delivered them by truck to two of the law firms involved in the case.
The truck contained 150 bags of quarters, each of which weighed 50
pounds and contained $1,000 in quarters, according to the Associated Press.

Herrin's son, Michael, was involved in a deadly car accident in 2001,
which killed Michael and injured three others. A legal battle
subsequently ensued over how the $800,000 in insurance money should be
distributed
among the victims, according to Associated Press. Herrin was originally
awarded with $600,000 in insurance, along with $1.65 million in
compensation from his personal coverage
But the other victims appealed the court's decision, and eventually won.

Herrin hopes his protest will finally put an end to the mess, but he
knows that even this will not bring the solution he wants. "There was no
satisfaction from doing that," Herrin told the Associated Press on
Thursday. "The loss of a child is the loss of a child, and all the money
doesn't replace that."

There have not yet been any reports of Herrin being penalized for his
actions, but similar cases of protest
in the past have resulted in fines
  unique_identifier
﻿
Roger Herrin Pays Back $150K To Survivors Of Wreck That Killed His Son
  With Four Tons Of Quarters

By Charles Poladian on August 01 2013 8:23 PM EDT

As part of a settlement to return more than $500,000 in compensation,
Roger Herrin, 76, paid $150,000 with four tons of quarters as an act of
protest. Herrin had to pay as part of a ruling involving the victims of
a car crash that killed his son.

According to the Associated Press
Herrin’s 15-year-old son, Michael, was a passenger in a car that was hit
by a truck that sped through a stop sign in June 2001. Michael was
killed while the driver and two other passengers were injured.

Roger Herrin was awarded $1.6 million compensation from his insurance
company and received additional compensation from the $800,000 awarded
by other insurance companies. WSILTV
reports Herrin was awarded $600,000 of the $800,000  as part of the
underinsured motorist coverage and the survivors split the remaining
portion of the compensation. The three survivors of the wreck appealed
the decision to award Herrin with the majority of the $800,000
compensation and the 5th District Appellate Court, located in Mount
Vernon, Ill., ruled in their favor.

Herrin agreed and paid the first portion of the money to the survivors
in quarters. The Illinois businessman wanted to originally pay the money
back in pennies but that proved too daunting of a task and he switched
to quarters, the AP reports. Herrin got the 600,000 quarters from the
Federal Reserve in St. Louis and delivered the change to the law firms
representing the survivors. The quarters, collected in 150 sacks that
weighed 50 pounds each, were delivered by a flatbed truck.

Speaking to the AP, Herrin said the ruling was incorrect and “everybody
knows it's wrong.” He also said, “I've had 10 years to think about this
a little bit, and I'm very, very bitter at this ruling.”

Attorneys for the survivors did not comment, citing a possible violation
of a confidentiality agreement, while the law firms that received the
change were worried about potential theft. According to Mark Prince, an
attorney that represents the driver of the vehicle hit by the truck,
“We've been on pins and needles because we had a lot of cash suddenly
laying around, it was publicized,” the AP reports.

    unique_identifier
﻿Man Pays in Quarters: $150K in Coins Weighing Four Tons Part of Settlement


By Jack Phillips
 August 2, 2013
Last Updated: August 3, 2013 4:47 am

A man paid—in quarters—$150,000 after a court ordered him to pay back a
$500,000 settlement over his son’s death. He paid the settlement with
600,000 quarters in 150 bags, each containing 1,000 coins.

Roger Herrin, a retired foot surgeon and a nursing home owner, paid the
settlement back as a “protest against the ruling,” he told the Wall
Street Journal.
The entire amount of quarters weighed four tons.

“It’s vehemently wrong in my view and nearly everybody else in the
world,” the Harrisburg, Ill., man told the paper. “If and when someone
loses a child, it leaves a hole in your heart that is never repairable.”

Herrin lost his son in a car accident around a decade ago and an
appellate court ruled that his family had taken too much of the
insurance benefits after it said it made a mistake. Herrin said that he
had to pay back the half a million dollars to passengers who also
survived the accident.

The quarters were delivered via an armored Brink’s truck, which drove
the change from the from the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis to a
Marion, Ill., bank, according to the Journal. The bags were then
transported via a friend’s flatbed truck to two law firms.

“They were not happy. They didn’t know what they were going to do with
it. And I wasn’t real congenial,” Herrin said. “They decided they wanted
it all,” he added.

“It’s vehemently wrong in my view and nearly everybody else in the
world,” he said of the settlement, and added: “If and when someone loses
a child it leaves a hole in your heart that is never repairable,”
according to The Southern newspaper.

His son, Michael, died in June 2001 after a farm truck ran a stop sign
and hit the Jeep Cherokee, killing him. The crash injured several others.

  unique_identifier
﻿
  Man pays in quarters: 600,000 quarters used to pay insurance settlement


August 2, 2013 6:13 PM MST

  
Man pays in quarters: 600,000 quarters used to pay settlement
Man pays in quarters: 600,000 quarters used to pay settlement
HammadMosesKhan.com

Man pays in quarters to avenge the death of his son in a fatal car
accident due to excessive insurance benefits is one bizarre story that
is trending this Friday to start off the weekend, Yahoo!
reported late yesterday, Aug. 1. We're talking about no less than
600,000 quarters here, and this vengeful doctor wasn't kidding.

Dr. Herrin of Illinois discovered this 2013 that his family had
collected too much under law for the death of his son in a car crash,
and was charged by a state court to pay a full $500,000 dollars to the
other passengers in reparations that had survived the deadly collision.
The retired surgeon had no choice but to comply, but decided to pay the
other passengers back in mostly quarters as his own "protest" against
the ruling.

This week, Dr. Herrin dropped off the money to the other people as part
of the settlement, delivering roughly $150,000 in quarters, which is
equivalent to almost 600,000 quarters when counted out.

The man who paid in quarters had all of the jingling coins brought in
150 bags via an armored truck to the individual homes of those injured
in the crash. The doctor, who is 76 years old, said that he decided to
pay the other passengers in primarily coins as his own private protest
... “against an unfair ruling,” he argued.

The 600,000 quarters weighed almost four tons, and if lined up piece by
piece, the coins would reach just under 12 football fields.

What’s your take on the man pays quarters story?  unique_identifier
